19/3/25, 7:35                                        Transcripts - Forever Dreaming • Twilight Saga, The: Eclipse


       Transcripts - Forever Dreaming
       Thousands of current or popular TV shows and movie transcripts for online research and education.
       https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/


       Twilight Saga, The: Eclipse
       https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?t=9147

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1
       Twilight Saga, The: Eclipse
       by bunniefuu                                                                                           Posted: 12/13/13 12:47

       [ EXT. SEATTLE – NIGHT ]
       (Aerial shot approaching the city)
       [ EXT. PIKE PLACE MARKET, SEATTLE – NIGHT (1 YEAR AGO) ]
       (Rain comes down in sheets, slapping the cobblestone. Bright lights from the surrounding bars,
       reflected off the wet stones. The dull thud of rock music wafts out. A bar door opens – the music
       briefly blasts out as a young man exits; he is Riley, 22, genial, handsome, a university student full
       of promise. He pauses under the awning, preparing to face the rain. He slings a messenger bag
       over his shoulder laden with thick school texts. He waves to his friends in the window before
       heading into the downpour.)

       Bella (V.O.): Some say the world will end in fire. Some say in ice...
       [ ANOTHER STREET ]
       (Dark, deserted. Riley makes his way up to it. Suddenly, a SHADOW flies past him, moving at an
       unhuman speed. Riley pauses... what was that? Unnerved, he speeds his step, about to round a
       corner but suddenly something leaps over him, knocking him backward to the ground! It moves so
       fast we, again, saw only a brief SHADOW, Riley panics now...)

       Riley: Who's there?

       (No response. Riley bolts in a different direction)
       [ YET ANOTHER STREET ]
       (Riley runs, beelining toward the end of the street at which stands an apartment building with a
       brightly lit lobby and a security guard. Safety.)
       [ EXT. WATERFRONT – NIGHT ]
       (Riley finds himself on the deserted boardwalk. Beyond the trail, black water. A dead end. He
       turns realzing he's utterly alone. He's been herded here. He searches the darkness for whatever's
       chasing him)

       Riley: Who's there?. What do you want?.

       (the shadow darts pas him; Riley YANKS his hand back)

       Riley: OH GOD!

       (He grips his hand in pain, looks at it to find a crescent moon shape on his palm, blood seeping
       out. He's been hit!)

       (His confusion and terror turn to agony as the venom from the bite crawls up his arm. Riley drops
       to his knees crying out in pain. Then falls, writhing as the venom spreads throughout his body,
       changing him, k*lling his humanity.)

       (His tortured cries go unheard as we push in on the crescent moon on his hand, over which we
       hear...)

       Bella (V.O.): From what I've tasted of desire, I hold with those who favor fire. But if I had to perish


       twice...

       (MATCH CUT – Bella'S forearm – On her crescent moon star—whiter than her already pale skin.
       Edward's lips move into frame, kissing the scar.)
       [ EXT. MEADOW – DAY (PRESENT DAY) ]
       (Bella and Edward, lying in the grass. Bella reads aloud from a book of Robert Frost poetry...)

       Bella: I think I know enough of hate, To say that, for destruction, Ice, is also great. And would
       suffice.

       (Edward teasingly pulls the book away, moves to kiss her. She stops him)

       (Bella You know, I've got an English final. I gotta focus.)

       (He grins, kisses her anyway. The SUN BRIEFLY COMES OUT from behind the clouds, causing
       Edward's skin to sparkle, making the kiss appear magical. He pulls away smiling...)

       Edward: Marry me.

       (She laughs. It's not the first – nor the fiftieth – time he's asked. This is clearly a game between
       them.)

       Bella: No.

       Edward: Marry me.

       Bella: Change me.

       (Kisses her neck)

       Edward: Okay I will if you marry me, It's called a compromise.

       Bella: It's just called coercion. It's not fair. Marriage is just... Is a piece of paper.

       Edward: Where I am from, it's the way one says, 'I love you'.

       (She affectionatly pushes him away, jumping up --)

       Bella: Where I come from, at my age... It's the way one says, 'I just got knocked up'.

       (She starts to gather up her coat and books.)

       (He's suddenly right in front of her – we didn't see him move. He playfully grabs her stuff from her
       --)

       Edward: So, you're worried about what people will think.

       Bella: You know, it's two out of three marriages end in divorce.

       Edward: Well, I think you'll find the... Vampire, human divorce rate is a little lower.

       (They're inches apart, the game laced with their attraction.)

       Edward: Just marry me.

       Bella: I can't. I have to be back at four. I'm supposed to come straight home from school.


       (He pulls her close. Kisses her.)

       Edward: You'll be on time. I won't give your father another reason to hate me.

       (As he easily slings her around onto his back)
       [ INT. BELLA'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (Start on the Chief Charlie Swan, still in uniform from a day at the station. His brow is furrowed
       with concern as he reads the Seattle Times)

       (INSERT HEADLINES – “Murders, Disappearances, Possible Work of Serial k*ller...” etc.)

       (The article worries him. He checks his watch – just as the front door opens. Bella enters, throws
       down her book bag. Charlie is looking at this watch.)

       Charlie: Four o'clock on the dot. Does he have a stopwatch or something?

       Bella: He has a name. And now he's too punctual for you?

       (as she starts toward the stairs)

       Charlie: Wait a sec, will you? Sit down.

       (She pauses, then moves to a chair, sits. He faces her.)

       Charlie: Okay... You understand why you're being punished, right?

       Bella: I know, I put you through hell.

       Charlie: Yes, you did. But I have other reasons, for grounding you. Like... I just want you to get
       some separation from him.

       Bella: Dad, there is nothing you can say. Edward is in my life.

       Charlie: Yeah, I'm gathering that. So, alright. How about this? I'll make you a deal. You're not
       grounded anymore, if... You use your new found freedom... ... to see some of your other friends
       too, Like... Like Jacob.

       (Bella darkens; a painful subject. Charlie notes this.)

       Charlie: He's going through a really tough time right now, His Dad's really worried about him.

       (Bella stops. This hurts her to hear.)

       Charlie: I remember when that was you. You needed a friend, Jake was there.
       [ INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM – DAY ]
       (Bella opens her desk drawer and pulls out a FOLDED NOTE. It's worn, having been read many
       times. She unfolds it --)

       (INSERT – THE HANDWRITTEN NOTE. Several sentences have been crossed out. Only one line at the
       bottom is legible. It reads: “I miss you, too. Doesn't change anything.”)

       (Off Bella, deeply troubled. But deciding something...)

       (She takes out her fashionable, desirable, hip Nokia phone, and holds down a button (speed dial).

                                  

       The word “Jake” comes up on the screen. Straight to voicemail.)

       Jacob VM: Hey, it's Jake. Leave a message.

       Bella (V.O.): Jacob hadn't talk to me in weeks. I wanted to fix it, he just... He wouldn't give me the
       chance. 'I miss you too. Doesn't change anything.'
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Bella exits the house, heads to her truck, climbs in --)
       [ INT. BELLA'S TRUCK – NIGHT ]
       (Bella turns the key – nothing. She tries again. It's dead. With a slight gust of wind – suddenly,
       Edward is sitting next to her. She jumps, catching her breath.)

       Bella: You scared me.

       Edward: You're going now to the reservation.

       Bella: How'd you --? Alice had a vision.

       (His guilty face is her answer. He tries to make light of it.)

       Bella: Hey, did you do this to my truck?

       Edward: Bella, you have to understand. Your safety is everything to me.

       Bella: Jacob is not gonna hurt me.

       Edward: Not intentionally, but the wolves have no control...

       Bella: Edward. I have... Until graduation, to see him. And I'll be one of you, and he'll hate me
       forever.

       Edward: I'm sorry.

       (She looks at him. Then gets angry, forces open her door--)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Bella climbs out, slams the truck door. Edward appears next to her.)

       Edward: I want you to be happy... but alive is more important.

       (Frustrated, she pushes past him and heads to the house. He appears on the stairs before she
       reaches them.)

       Edward: I'll understand if you're too angry for me to come to your room tonight. Just close the
       window.
       [ INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT ]
       (ON THE OPEN WINDOW – Bella closes and locks it. Beat. Then another beat. Then she unlocks the
       window, opens it a bit. Looks at it. Opens it as WIDE as it will go.)
       [ INT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL – CAFETERIA – DAY ]
       (Bella and Edward sit with Angela, Eric, Mike and Jessica. Edward and Bella are on the end,
       slightly apart. Angela is busy addressing a pile of note card envelopes. Mike writes what he's
       saying on a legal pad.)

       Mike: My fellow students. Cool. Right? Wow. Okey, right? -- Cute. We are the future. Anything is
       possible... ... If you just believe.

       Angela: Nice.

       Mike: Blah, blah, blah... Perfect. And got your self a speech.

       (He rips the page off, hands it to Jessica.)

       Jessica: No, this will be my speech. When I want everyone to throw diplomas at my head. So...
       Thank you.

       (She crumples the paper. Tosses it at him.)

       Mike: Ya gotta embrace the cliches, Jess.

       Eric: They have the bread and butter of all valedictorians.

       Angela: And that is why you are not valedictorian. And Jess doesn't need cliches. Speech is gonna
       be epic.

       Jessica: Epic? It'll change lives.

       (Alice and Jasper have abruptly appeared, carrying trays of food they won't eat. As they sit...)

       Alice: I decided to throw a party.

       Jasper: After all, how many times we gonna graduate high school?

       (Edward stifles a smile.)

       Alice: A party? At your place?

       Jessica: I've never seen your house.

       Eric: No one's ever seen their house.

       Edward: Another party, Alice?

       Alice: It'll be fun.

       Bella: Yeah. That's what you said last time.

       (Suddenly Alice freezes, her eyes glazing over. She's having a vision. Mike hasn't noticed yet.)

       Mike: Well cool, that's really uh... normal of you. What time?

       (Nothing from Alice)

       Mike: Dress code?

       (Still nothing)

       Mike: Bring anything? Cheetos?

       (A beat as Alice still looks into the distance. Awkward. Bella looks at Edward, concerned. Edward
       shrugs it off-nothing to worry about.)

       Edward: Wake up, Alice

       Jasper: She hasn't been getting much sleep lately, senior jitters.

       (This sounds weird and weirdly fluent coming from Jasper, but it serves to break the moment.)
       [ INT. SHERIFF'S STATION – EVENING ]
       (Bella and Edward enter. Charlie is behind the counter talking with a middle aged couple, DOUG &
       NANCY BIERS, whose faces are etched with grief and worry.)

       Bella: So – what was that at school? What did Alice see?

       Edward: Nothing. Something about Jasper. It was innocuous.

       Bella: I know you know what she saw. Tell me.

       Edward: It was nothing.

       Bella: You looked worried.

       Edward: Just that everyone would notice how strange Alice is.

       Bella: I think that ship sailed long ago.

       (Charlie looks up at Bella and Edward and subtly gestures for them to keep their distance. It could
       be interpreted as hostile.)

       Edward: I wonder what's wrong.

       Bella: There's someone missing in Seattle, over a year ago. Charlie is doing what he can, but... Do
       you know something about this?

       Edward: We've been tracking the situation in Seattle for a while. Unexplained disappearances,
       killings... If the situation gets anymore conspicuous, the Volturi will step in.

       Bella: If they go to Seattle, they can come here. They can see I'm still human.

       Edward: We won't get that far. But we'll go to Seattle if we have to.

       Charlie: I'll fax these down the first thing.

       Couple: Thank you.

       (Charlie approaches. OFF Bella watching the anguished Biers exit...)

       Charlie: Hey.

       Bella: Hey.

       Charlie: You're ready for dinner?

       Bella: Yeah.

       (Charlie puts a picture into his case. It's RILEY, from the opening.)
       [ EXT. SHERIFF'S STATION – EVENING ]
       (Bella exits, flanked by Charlie and Edward. There's palpable tension between the two men.)


       Charlie: It is still just... you and I, alright?

       Edward: No, I'm just dropping her off. See you later.

       Bella: Bye.

       (Edward starts to leave and stops.)

       Edward: Oh... Bella. My parents wanted to remind you about the... Airline ticket you got for your
       birthday.

       (Bella eyes him with suspicion but he appears clueless.)

       Charlie: What airline ticket?

       Bella: A round trip ticket to see Mom in Florida.

       Charlie: Wow, that was generous.

       Edwrd: And it expires soon, they say you might wanna use it this weekend.

       Bella: Well, I can't just drop everything and go.

       Edward: It might be your last chance to see her before you graduate.

       (This lands with Bella.)

       Charlie: Well. It might not be a bad idea. get out of the town for a couple of days, get some
       distance.

       Bella: Yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing Mom... As long as you use the companion ticket.

       Charlie: Wait, just two tickets? Super, That makes me really happy.

       (CLOSE on BELLA'S FACE – illuminated by BRIGHT SUNLIGHT)
       [ EXT. RENEE'S BEACH BUNGALOW, FLORIDA – DAY ]
       (Bella's face is turned upward to soak in the WARM SUN.)

       Bella (V.O.): I did wanna see my Mom. I wanted to know that her life was full by satisfying

       Renee: Aren't you gonna miss this? Don't you just feel the vitamin D soaking up in your pores?

       (Include her mother, Renee. They lie in chaise lounges pushed tightly together on the deck.)

       Bella: Yeah, I'm gonna miss this.

       Renee: You know, colleges in Florida are a lot sunnier. I'm just saying, if you go to university of
       Alaska... I'm never gonna see you.

       (Which is the point. Guilt washes over Bella. She takes Renee's hand, absently plays with the
       bracelet on her wrist, trying to soak up her mother as much as the sun.)

       Bella: They have a really great science program.

       Renee: You mean Edward program.


       (Renee nudges Bella who smiles, looks inside the house...)
       [ INT. BEACH BUNGALOW ]
       (Bella's POV – Through window)

       (Edward sits in an easy chair with a clear view of Bella. He offers a small wave, then turns back to
       his conversation with PHIL, who lies on his back on the couch.)

       (BACK TO SCENE)

       (Renee squeezes her hand a beat, then glances back at Edward.)

       Renee: The way he watches you... It's like he's willing to leap in front of you, and take a b*llet or
       something.

       Bella: Is that a bad thing?

       Renee: It's an intense thing. You're different with him. If he moves, you move. Like magnets.

       Bella: I don't know, we're just... In love.

       Renee: I get it. I just want to make sure, you're making the right choices for you. You know, cause
       you're the one who's gonna have to live with them.

       (Bella takes this in – her choice much bigger than geographical location. Renee sees her face
       cloud.)

       Renee: Alright, enough with the heavy.

       (She reaches under her chaise and pulls up a large box.)

       Bella: Mom.

       (Renee sets the box on Bella's lap.)

       Renee: Congratulations.

       Bella: I didn't want you to spending you're money.

       Renee: I didn't, come on.

       (Bella opens the box-to find a QUILT. As she unfolds it, realizes what it is, emotion wells up--)

       Bella: Are these all our old trip T-shirts?

       Renee: I saved'em all. I thought they'd make a good quilt. To keep you warm up in Alaska.
       Remember this one? Ensanada.

       Bella: The snake pit.

       Renee: Yep. But this one is my favourite. Here...

       Bella: The three-headed lobster in Maine. This is amazing.

       Renee: No, honey. I'm glad you've like it. I just figured, you know, when you get older, have kids,
       We can add to it. Maybe go visit... ... the world's largest catsup bottle or something. Thanks

       (Renee wraps the quilt around Bella.)

       Renee: Oh... I'm glad you like it.

       (Bella suddenly hugs Renee as if for the last time, and perhaps it will be.)

       Renee: I just thought, you should have a little piece of me, up there in Alaska.

       Bella: Mom.

       Renee: Yeah.

       Bella: I miss you.

       Renee: Oh, honey. I miss you too.

       (RENEE is a little surprised by BELLA'S emotionalism, but hugs her back.)
       [ EXT. FOREST – NIGHT ]
       (Start on Alice – her eyes glazed over, intently watching something in her mind. The woods are all
       mist and shadows –a stark contrast to previous scene.)

       (Include Emmett, then Jasper. Then the other Cullens, CARSLISLE, ESME, and ROSALIE. They're
       spread out, still as statutes, waiting for ALICE, ready for spring.)

       Jasper: You sure this is where you saw her?

       Alice: She's almost here.
       [ ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST ]
       (Close on a pair of female feet in boots running in the rainy wet mud. But they falter, slowing to a
       stop... Fan up to include none other than Victoria! She inhales... Something smells wrong. She
       abruptly bolts in another direction.)

       (BACK ON ALICE – SHE SPINS TO EMMETT)

       Alice: On your left.

       (Emmett explodes to his left, Rosalie right behind him. Jasper and Carlisle go wide, looking to cut
       Victoria off, Esme and Alice following up the rear.)

       (Intercut with Victoria racing through the trees, tense but not afraid. Escaping is what she's good
       at. She reaches---a ravine – she doesn't break stride, just leaps across it—Carlisle pulls up short,
       yells to Emmett and Rosalie--)

       Carlisle: Wait. She's in their territory.

       Rosalie: She'll get away.

       Jasper: No she won't.

       (ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE RAVINE – THREE GIANT WOLVES LEAP onto the scene and take up the
       chase after Victoria. The leader is black, enormous (SAM-WOLF.))

       (A parallel chase ensues, the wolves and the Cullens keeping to their sides of the ravine, which we
       realize is the line that demarcates the territories, Victoria leaps back over.)

       Emmett: All ours now.

       (The Cullens close in.)

       (Emmett grabs hold of her shoulders and hair. They roll head over keester – Victoria uses the
       momentum to her advantge and flings Emmett off and over her into a tree.)

       (She takes the split second he's down to leap back over to wolf-land and keeps running.)

       Esme: Emmett don't!

       (But Emmett seeing red FLIES over the ravine-the second his feet hit the other side-PAUL-WOLF
       turns to face him.)

       (There's a moment of standoff. It would be simple enough for Emmett to defuse the situation by
       jumping back-but that's not his style. Paul GROWLS with bravado. That just makes Emmett smile.)

       (Angle on Victoria, at a safe distance now. She slowly looks back, surprised to see what is
       happening. She studies the conflict with curiosity.)

       (Paul and Emmett CHARGE each other. BAM! They roll in dozens yards in the dirt.)
       [ EXT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL – PARKING LOT – MORNING ]
       (Edward pulls his Volvo into a parking spot.)
       [ INT. EDWARD'S VOLVO ]
       (Bella's in the passenger seat, sadness in her face. Edward strokes her cheek, comforting her.)

       Edward: Did you regret going?

       Bella: No. It was really great to see my mom. Just really hard saying goodbye.

       Edward: It doesn't have to be goodbye.

       Bella: Is that why you ask me to go? You thought I was gonna change my mind.

       (He offers a gentle smile)

       Edward: I'm always hoping for that.

       (He abruptly looks up; stiffens. Hearing something.)

       Bella: What?

       Edward: If I asked you to stay in the car, would you?

       (She looks at him, concerned, then pulls open her door--)

       Edward: Of course not.
       [ EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT – DAY ]
       (Bella and Edward emerge from the Volvo to see Jacob climb off his motorcycle and stride toward
       them. He wears a tight black t-shirt, grease stained jeans. No jacket in the cold.)

       (His hard expression causes other students to give him a wide berth. He looks almost dangerous.
       But Bella is delighted.)

       Bella: Jake!

       (Edward subtly, protectively pulls Bella back. Students watch from a distance, out of earshot.)

       Jacob: Hey. Charlie said you left town.

       Bella: Yeah. To visit my Mom, why?

       Jacob: Just checking to see if you're still human.

       (Jacob concentrates on something, and suddenly Edward seems to be distressed.)

       Jacob: I'm coming here to warn you. If your kind come on our land again...

       Bella: Wait, what?

       Jacob: You didn't tell her?

       Edward: Just leave it alone, Jacob.

       (ANGLE ON ALICE AND JASPER)

       (Who gracefully and swiftly climb from their car, place themselves in proximity, just in case.)

       (ANGLE ON MIKE, ERIC, JESSICA, AND ANGELA)

       (who watch the goings on. Angela clearly fears a fight; the others seem more intrigued by one.)

       (BACK ON JACOB, EDWARD, and BELLA)

       Bella: Tell me what?

       Edward: Emmett and Paul had a misunderstanding, there is nothing to worry about.

       Jacob: Listen to you. Did you lie to get her out of town, too?

       Edward: You should leave. Now.

       Jacob: She has a right to know. She is the one the red-head wants.

       Bella: Victoria? Alices's vision.

       Edward: I was trying to protect you.

       Bella: By lying to me.

       Edward: Okay.

       Bella: We're gonna talk about this, but... You. Why haven't you called me back?

       Jacob: I had nothing to say.

       Bella: Well, I have tons.

       Edward: Hold on. Hey. Bella.

       Bella: Edward, you have to trust me. I do trust you. It's him I don't trust.

       (Bella just looks at Edward; strong, independent, not about to acquiesce. Finally he releases her.
       She jogs to Jacob. Climbs on the back of his bike. Jacob grins.)

       Bella: Lose the grin, Jacob. We're just going for a ride.

       Jacob: Hold on tight.

       (He kick starts the bike, then roars off with Bella on the back. Edward watches them go.)
       [ EXT. LA PUSH – EMILY'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (Jacob pulls up; he and Bella climb off the bike.)

       Bella: Are you sure, this is a good idea? I'm a 'vampire girl', remember?

       (The front door bursts open and JARED, PAUL, EMBRY, & QUIL pile out, shoving the last of a meal
       down their throats. Bella tenses, but much to her surprise and relief, Embry smiles when he sees
       her.)

       Embry: Look who's back.

       Quil: Whatup, Bella?

       Bella: Quil, you too?

       Quil: Yep. Finally made the pack. I'm glad you're here, Bella. Maybe we can get a break from Jake's
       obsessive inner monologue.

       Paul: 'I wish Bella would call'.

       Jared: 'I wish Bella wouldn't call'.

       Embry: 'Maybe I should call Bella'.

       Quil: 'Maybe I should call Bella and hang up'.

       Jacob: Alright, you can shut up now.

       (Bella smiles as the guys laugh, push each other, roughhouse.)

       (Behind them a slender girl with cropped black hair exits, LEAH CLEARWATER, 19. She'd be
       gorgeous if not for her scowl. Leah sees Bella and the scowl deepens.)

       Jacob: Bella, this is Leah Clearwater. Harry's daughter.

       Bella: Hey. I'm really sorry about your father.

       Leah: If you're here to t*rture Jacob some more, feel free to leave.

       (Bella's taken aback. Jacob sh**t Leah an angry look; she's irrpervious. As SAM and EMILY exit, Leah
       abruptly moves off.)

       Jacob: Fun, isn't she?

       (Emily gives Bella a hug. Sam offers a pleasant nod hello.)

       Emily: Bella... Hi. Hey. I was wondering when we'd see your face around here again.

       Bella: Yeah, same here.

       Jacob: Sam, we're good?

       Sam: We're good. She won't be getting through our line anytime soon.

       (The guys AD LIB macho challenges as they make their way to the forest's edge. Sam turns to Emily
       to say goodbye, looks into her eyes. Their connection is deeply intimate. As Sam gently kisses her,
       Bella politely looks away... to see...)

       (BELLA'S POV – ON LEAH)

       (at the edge of the woods. Leah glances at Sam and Emily's kiss, then abruptly falls forward –
       before her hands hit the ground, they become paws! Leah, now a light grey wolf disappears in the
       woods. Off Bella's surpise...)
       [ EXT. JACOB'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (Jacob and Bella climb off the bike, and start wheeling it toward the garage as–)

       Bella: So, when did Leah joined the pack?

       Jacob: Around when her Dad died. Her brother Seth, also phased. He's only fifteen. One of the
       youngest we've had. Sam keeps him home studying, but he's chomping at the bit. Wish it was Leah
       who'd stay home.

       Bella: Come on, don't be such a guy.

       Jacob: No, it's... It's not a chick thing. It's... You know, a triangle thing. We all have to live the
       Leah, Sam, Emily pain-fest. Wolf telepathy, remember?

       Bella: So, Sam dumps Leah for Emily?

       Jacob: It wasn't like that. Sam hates himself for hurting Leah. But, Emily was The One.

       Bella: Yeah, I guess it's sort of chooses you sometimes.

       (Jacob knows she's talking about Edward, won't go there.)

       Jacob: It's more than some crush, Bella. Sam imprinted on Emily.

       Bella: Do I want to know what that is? Imprinting on someone is like...

       Jacob: Like when you see her, everything changes. All of a sudden, it's not gravity holding you to
       the planet. It's her. Nothing else matters. You would do anything... Be anything for her.

       Bella: It sounds like you know the feeling. Have you... imprinted on someone?

       Jacob: You'd know if I had. I just have a direct line to Sam's thoughts.

       (He continues into the garage. She follows--)
       [ INT. JACOB'S GARAGE – DAY ]
       (Jacob and Bella enter. Jacob rolls the bike to its spot. She notes her old motorcycle in the corner,
       collecting dust.)

       Bella: So for now, you're... still you.

       Jacob: And you're still you.

       Bella: Yeah. Until graduation.

       Jacob: Graduation?

       Bella: You knew this was gonna happen.

       Jacob: Not in a month. I mean, not before you've... you've even lived. Or before I could... For a
       second, just a second, I thought... But he's got his hooks in you so deep.

       Bella: I decided this, not him.

       Jacob: Bella, they're not even a live. It makes me sick. Better you really be dead than one of them.

       Bella: I can't believe you said that. Edward was right, I shouldn't have come.

       (He's too angry to take it back. She heads for the door.)

       Jacob: Bella, come on. Please. I'm sorry.

       (It takes a long beat for her to recover from the hurtful comment. Finally she nods. She moves to
       her dusty motorcycle, brushes off the seat.)

       Bella: We should stick to safer subjects, like motorcycles.

       Jacob: Only thing safe about you on a motorcycle is when you turn it off.

       (She smiles as does he. The tension slowly dissapitates as they dust off the bikes, shifting back to
       friends mode.)
       [ INT. BELLA'S ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Close on Bella's dreamcatcher as a man's hand moves into frame, turns it. Include the man's back
       as he moves around the room, touching her stuff. Picking things up, curious, setting them down
       just a little out of place. It's creepy.)

       (Finally, his hand falls on a red blouse draped over a chair. As he brings it to his nose, we see his
       face – it's RILEY! Pale white, chiseled features, eyes BLOOD RED. A vampire.)

       (He inhales Bella's scent then stuffs it into his jacket and exits her room. We follow him down the
       stairs and into --)
       [ INT. BELLA'S HOUSE – LIVING ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Riley soundlessly enters to find Charlie asleep on the couch. He's in uniform, a case file spread
       out, some of it resting on his chest. Riley leans over him, SEES a PHOTO of himself (it's his case
       file), and a newspaper article–)

       (INSERT NEWSPAPER – SERIAL MURDERS RISE IN SEATTLE)

       (OFF RILEY, intrigued, taking in the news and his own file, and Charlie who's unaware of the
       danger just inches away...)

       (Riley stares casually at Charlie's holster. Silently, uncannily smoothly, removes his g*n. STARES
       right down the barrel. Yep. There's a b*llet.)

       (Riley points the g*n at Charlie's head. Smiles. This could be fun. How far can he pull the trigger
       without it going off? He squeezes – the hammer goes back—then Riley notices the picture on
       Charlie's chest... his smiling, human self. Reaches out to it.)
       [ INT. BELLA'S HOUSE – LIVING ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Bella comes in the front door. The living room is empty and quiet. Eerily so. Suddenly --)

       Charlie: You know... Edward could at least respect meal times.

       (BELLA turns startles. Charlie leans in the kitchen doorway indicating his watch.)

       Bella: I was just with Jake.

       Charlie: Oh... Good.

       (There's a knock on the door. Charlie knows who it is, heads back into the kitchen with a small,
       self-satisfied smile.)

       Charlie: I'll just give you two some privacy then.

       (Bella girds herself. Then opens the door to find Edward.)

       Bella: Hey.

       Edward: Do you understand how worried I've been?

       Bella: I was perfectly safe.

       Edward: I almost break the treaty to make sure of it.

       (Abruptly he stops. Inhales. His face alarmed.)

       Bella: I know, I smell like a dog. I'm sorry.

       Edward: No, no. Something's wrong.

       (He moves into the living room. DARTS throughout the first floor, checking it. Charlie doesn't
       see... he's concentrating on the photo of RILEY whose face has been SCRATCHED OUT.)

       Bella: What? What is it?

       Edward: Stay here.

       (And he bolts upstairs. She hurries after him--)
       [ INT. BELLA'S ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Bella enters to find Edward holding the dreamcather.)

       Bella: Edward, what's wrong?

       Edward: Someone's been in here.
       [ INT. CULLEN HOUSE – LIVING ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Edward paces, frustrated. Alice is stressed. Bella tries to track their fast-paced conversation with
       Carlisle, Rosalie, and Esme.)

       Alice: Who was it? Someone we know?

       Edward: Just a stranger. I didn't recognize his scent.

       Esme: A nomad passing through?

       Rosalie: A passer-by wouldn't have left Bella's father alive.

       (Bella's chilled by the thought. Esme wraps an arm around her just as the door bursts open. Jasper
       enters.)

       Jasper: His scent disappeared about five miles south of Bella's house.

       Edward: Someone's orchestrating this.

       Carlise: Victoria?

       Alice: I would've seen her deciding.

       Edward: It has to be the Volturi.

       Alice: I don't think it's the Volturi either. I've been watching Aro's decisions, too.

       Emmett: So we keep looking.

       Carlisle: We also take shifts, guarding Bella at her house.

       Rosalie: Another protection detail?

       Esme: Rosalie.

       Bella: No, she's right. You can't protect me, watch my dad... ... and search for the intruder. And for
       Victoria. And keep yourselves fed.

       Edward: I'm not leaving you here defenseless.

       Bella: Well, I'm not gonna let you starve. And I wouldn't be unprotected, I have...

       (She stops... a beat. An idea occurring. She looks at him, a tiny glimmer of optimism flashing on
       her face.)

       Edward: What?
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – FRONT YARD – DAY ]
       (Edward stands at the curb, frozen in place, waiting eyes unblinkingly watching the front door.
       Finally, it opens. Bella exits. Behind her, Jacob.)

       (Edward meets them halfway. Edward is cool, calculating; Jacob hotheaded, fractious.)

       Jacob: Whoever it was, he left his stink behind. It'll be hard to miss when we cross it again. We'll
       handle it from here.

       Edward: We don't need you to handle anything. Or anyone.

       (Jacob steps toward Edward who doesn't move.)

       Jacob: I could care less what you need.

       Edward: Alright, we're done here.

       Jacob: No, you're done here.

       (Bella moves between them.)

       Bella: Stop. I'm tired of this. From now on I'm Switzerland, Okay?

       (Bella tries to push them apart; it's like pushing boulders.)

       Bella: Stop!

       (Jacob simmers. Edward just looks at him.)

       Bella: I don't expect you guys to chuck a football around together. Fine. But we have a lot of
       problems. And this is one temporary solution. Are you willing to at least try?

       (A long tense beat. Finally, Edward nods. Then Jacob.)

       Bella: Alright, so you need to coordinate. You know, schedules and stuff.

       (Neither says anything. Bella sighs. Turns to Jacob -)

       Bella: Would the pack prefer days or nights?

       Jacob: Nights.

       Bella: Will days work for your family?

       (EDWARD nods.)

       Bella: Good. See? How hard was that?

       (Agonziing, off Bella, determined to make this truce work.)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Bella's POV)

       (From above, looking down at the dark, silent forest beyond the yard. Stillness. Suddenly, we see a
       movement in the trees. Then two gleaming eyes peer out, belonging to... a wolf skulking at the
       edge of the tree line. It looks up at --)
       [ INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM – NIGHT ]
       (ON BELLA)

       (She stands in the window, looking down at her protector. Then, in contrast to the danger that
       surrounds her --)

       Angela (O.C.): U.W. sent me and Eric our dorm assignments yesterday...

       (Bella turns back to the room where Angela lies on the floor, a massive stack of graduation
       announcements in the “done” pile. Angela is blithely unaware of Bella's situation.)

       Angela: I'm in the furthest dorm from campus. Eric's in the closest, of course. Has Alaska assigned
       you guys dorms yet?

       (Bella looks at her, missing her already. She lies next to Angela, takes up a card to address.)

       Bella: Not yet.

       Angela: Where is Edward tonight anyway?

       Bella: Out looking for trouble.

       (ANGELA hears the worry in Bella's voice. Looks at her.)

       Angela: Is something wrong?

       Bella: No, why?

       Angela: One, Edward's always with you. Two, you keep looking out that window like you're hoping
       he'll show up with a mariachi band.

       Bella: Angela what if Eric was like secretly a member of this... violent g*ng, and... your brother
       was in this other g*ng, and they wanted to k*ll each other, and you couldn't tell anybody?

       (Bella's slightly odd remark just kind of sits there.)

       Angela: It's okay. You don't have to talk about it.

       Bella: There's nothing to... I mean there is but...

       (How can she talk about it? Bella debates, then sits up, cross legged, choosing her words
       carefully.)

       Bella: Okay. You remember Jacob Black?

       Angela: Ah. Edward's jealous.

       Bella: You say that like it's so obvious.

       Angela: Oh, it's not?

       Bella: Edward just thinks Jacob's dangerous or something... bad influence on me.

       (ANGELA smiles, shakes her head.)

       Bella: What?

       Angela: I've seen the way Jacob looks at you. Edward's seen it too, and he's only human. He's going
       to react like any other guy.

       Bella: It's more complicated than that.

       Angela: Say the words Bella: jell-oh-see.

       Bella: I've told Jacob how I feel. He accepts it. He'd rather be best friends than nothing.

       Angela: Okay, so the words are dee-nigh0ul.

       Bella: You're saying I'm an idiot.

       Angela: Just a little oblivious.

       Bella: Well, I don't want this. Every move I make hurts someone.

       Angela: They're big boys. They make their own choices. Don't worry it will work itself out. It's not
       life or death or anything.

       (Off Bella glancing back at the window at her reality.)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – ON THE WOLF – SAME ]
       [ EXT. ROAD – DAY ]
       (Edward's silver Volvo pulls over to the side of the road. Bella and Edward emerge from the car.
       They see – 30 yards down the road, a shirtless Jacob leaning against his red Volkswagen. Waiting.
       The two guys exchange a tense look.)

       Edward: Doesn't he own a shirt?

       Bella: I'm good here, you should go.

       (EDWARD pulls her closer.)

       Edward: I'm not gonna be going long.

       Bella: Don't rush. You need to hunt.

       (Then he surprises her with a particularly passionate kiss. DOWN THE ROAD Jacob scowls. Edward
       pulls away, leaving Bella a little dizzy.)

       Bella: Maybe you rush a little bit.

       (He smiles. She offers a reassuring look, then walks off.)

       (ANGLE ON JACOB – as Bella reaches him he smiles broadly)

       Jacob: Hey, beautiful.

       Bella: Hi.

       (He pulls her into a big hug. She hears Edward's car peel out. As she watches the Volvo disappear,
       Jacob opens the car door.)

       Jacob: So, whaddaya wanna do today? Bike, hike, hang? Your call. But we're going to a party
       tonight.
       [ EXT. LA PUSH BEHIND JACOB'S HOUSE – BONFIRE – NIGHT ]
       (A group is gathered around the fire, eating hot dogs, laughing. Billy sits at the natural head of
       the circle. OLD QUIL, Quil's ancient grandfather sits on one side of him, SUE CLEARWATER on the
       other. The three council leaders.)

       (The whole pack is there; Paul, Quil, Embry, Jared, and Sam, with Emily at his side. Leah sullenly
       stares into the fire. Meanwhile, a young Quileute girl about Quil's age is definitely giving him the
       eye.)

       (Across the sand – JACOB leads BELLA toward roaring fires.)

       Bella: You sure this is okay? I really hate being a party crasher.

       Jacob: Technically, you're a Council Meeting crasher. See. The Council leaders, Dad, Quil's grandpa,
       and Sue Clearwater. She took over for Harry when he died.

       Bella: Okay, I should not be here.

       Jacob: You're okay. I thought... I mean, they thought it would be good for you to hear the histories.

       Bella: The histories? The tribe's histories? Aren't they secret?

       Jacob: We all got a role to play. And you're a part of this. I mean, it's the first time Seth, Leah and
       Quil are hearing them, too. But you are the first outsider. Ever.

       Bella: If I had have known that, I wouldn't believe you. And would've dressed better.

       Seth: Jake.

       (They're interrupted by a gangly-limbed boy, SETH, 15, who trots up like a puppy. He clearly
       idolizes Jacob.)

       Seth: Hey. It's about time, you got here. Paul's been hoovering the grub. But, I saved you some
       burgers.

       Jacob: Good looking out, Bro. Bella, this is Seth Clearwater, Leah's brother. Newest member of the
       pack.

       Seth: Newest, bestest, brightest.

       Jacob: And slowest.

       (He grabs Seth in a headlock, the two tumble to the sand. Seth laughs, absolutely loving this guy.
       A whistle comes from the circle. It's Sam. Seth jumps up.)

       Seth: Come on. Your dad's about to start.

       Jacob: Alright.

       (As Seth drags Jacob and Bella toward the bonfire...)

       Billy: The Quileutes have been a small tribe from the beginning...
       [ EXT. LA PUSH BEHIND JACOB'S HOUSE – BONFIRE – NIGHT ]
       (ON THE FIRE, burning lower)

       Billy: But we've always had magic in our blood.

       (INCLUDE THE CIRCLE, PANNING everyone's faces, their attention wholly on Billy, his voice
       commanding.)

       Billy: We were great spirit warriors... Shape shifters, that transform into the powerful wolf. This
       enabled us to scare off our enemies, and protect our tribe.

       (ON BELLA who absorbs the story, its images alive in her mind. Jacob glances at her, gauging her
       reaction.)

       Billy: One day our warriors came across a creature...
       [ INT. FOREST CLEARING – DAY (1750'S) ]
       (Two Quileute warriors (all in human form) emerge from the trees, horrified to find a male
       vampire (wearing the clothing of a mid-1700s Spaniard) bent over two lifeless tribe girls. His eyes

       are blood red, feral. A terrifying image.)

       Billy: It looked like a man, but it was hard like stone, and cold as ice...

       (The two warriors phase into wolves and charge the vampire.)

       (He grabs one of them, strangling it. The second wolf gets his teeth into the Vampire's neck and
       tears off his head. But the strangled wolf falls dead to the ground.)

       Billy: Our warriors' sharp teeth, finally tore it apart... But only fire would completely destroy it.
       [ EXT. LA PUSH BEHIND JACOB'S HOUSE – BONFIRE - NIGHT ]
       (BACK ON BELLA – the horrible visuals alive in her mind. Jacob watches her, gratified by her
       somber reaction.)

       Billy: They lived in fear, the Cold Man was not alone. And they were right.
       [ EXT. QUILEUTE VILLAGE – DAY (1750'S) ]
       (A BEAUTIFUL VAMPIRESS in a tattered 1700's Spanish gown, moves through the Quileute village of
       long houses and teepees. A TRAIL OF DEAD BODIES; tribes-people screaming.)

       Billy: She took her vengeance out on the village. Our elder chief, Taha Aki, was the only spirit
       warrior left to save the tribe, after his son was k*lled.

       (TAHA AKI, 60's – anguished, stands over his dead SON, 20. His THIRD WIFE, 40's, weeps inconsolably
       next to his body. Taha Aki spins toward the vampires and takes a running LUNGE at her,
       transforming into a great wolf. They CLASH!)

       (The THIRD WIFE watches with horror as the Vampiress quickly gets the upper hand.)

       Billy: Taha Aki's Third Wife could sees that he would lose...

       (THE THIRD WIFE pulls out a knife and RUNS toward the VAMPIRESS who barely acknowledges the
       impending attack.)
       [ EXT. LA PUSH – BEHIND JACOB'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (BACK ON BILLY, who looks at Bella as he says--)

       Billy: The Third Wife was no magical being, no special powers, but one... Courage.

       (ON BELLA'S FACE as we go inside her thoughts.)
       [ EXT. QUILEUTE VILLAGE – DAY (BELLA'S IMAGINATION) ]
       (MATCHCUT BELLA'S FACE- now transformed into the THIRD WIFE! Bella charges the vampiress,
       dagger raised high – but as she nears, shockingly, she plunges the knife into her own heart! BLOOD
       flowers on Bella's chest. The Vampiress catches the scent and spins toward her, ravenous.)

       Billy (V.O.): The Third Wife's sacrifice distracted the Cold Woman, long enough for Taha Aki to
       destroy her. She saved the tribe.

       (As the Taha Aki-wolf leaps onto the Vampiress, tearing her apart, Bella lay dying, her expression
       at peace...)

       Billy (V.O.): Over time, our enemies have disappeared. But one remains... The Cold Ones.
       [ EXT. LA PUSH – BEHIND JACOB'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (BACK ON BELLA – emotions conflicting as she sees all this from the wolves point of view.)

       Billy: Our magic awakens when they near. And we sense it now, we feel the threat in our blood.
       Something terrible is coming. And we must all be ready. All of us.

       (OFF BELLA... and the FIRE)

       Reporter (O.C.): Seattle is in a state of terror...
       [ INT. CULLEN'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (TIGHT ON A TELEVISION SCREEN tuned to CNN – a FEMALE REPORTER with a mic does a stand-up in
       front of PIKE PLACE.)

       Reporter: Police are baffled by the escalating murders and disappearances.

       (CARLISLE and JASPER watch with concern. Emmett is draped over the couch. Bella and Edward
       enter as --)

       Reporter: Theories range from a vicious new g*ng to a wildly active serial k*ller... Reporting live,
       Dawn Chubai. CNN.

       Carlisle: It's getting worse. We're going to have to do something.

       Jasper: It takes more than one of our kind to cause the damage they're reporting. Quite a few
       more. They're undisciplined, conspicuous...

       Edward: Newborns.

       Bella: What, like new vampires?

       Edward: In their first few months after the change.

       Jasper: That's when we're at our most uncontrollable, vicious, insane with thirst.

       Emmett: Something to look forward to.

       Jasper: No one has trained these newborns, but this isn't random.

       Carlisle: Someone's creating an army.

       (Jasper nods, Emmett rises, enthusiastic.)

       Emmette: Oh, now we definitely going to Seattle.

       Bella: An Army of vampires?

       Jasper: And they've been created to fight someone.

       Edward: We're the only clan even close to Seattle.

       Carlisle: Regardless, of who are they were may, if we don't put a stop to them, the Volturi will. I'm
       surprised they've let it go on this long.

       Edward: Maybe they're behind it. In Italy, I read Aro's mind...

       (EDWARD'S VISION)

       (TRACKING EDWARD'S FACE – as we enter his memory, his environs drop out, blackness surrounding
       him, suspending him – as he turns, we go over his shoulder to SEE --)

       Edward: He wants me and Alice to join him... Our gifts would shore up his power.

       (A FLASH OF EDWARD and ALICE, each in one of the Volturi “thrones” formerly occupied by Marcus
       and Caius.)

       Edward: He knows we'd never choose him as long as our family is still alive.

       (RESUME EDWARD – PRESENT)

       Edward: An army could solve that for him.

       (Bella takes this in, then --)

       Bella: We can't wait two weeks for graduation; you need to change me now—

       Jasper: You'd be a liability as a newborn. Unable to control your instincts. An easy target.

       (Carlisle puts and empathetic hand on Bella's shoulder.)

       Carlisle: There's also your father to consider. And your mother. How terrible would it be for them if
       you suddenly disappeared?

       (Bella can't argue, considers.)
       [ INT. ABANDONED CANNERY, SEATTLE HARBOUR FRONT – NIGHT ]
       (SMASH! A newborn vampire careens into the wall, CRACKING bricks. He falls to the ground at the
       feet of Riley, who spins on a second newborn.)

       Riley: Next one who starts a fight gets his arms ripped off!

       (Riley steps over a HUMAN MAN lying on the ground, barely alive. Newborn #2 watches hungrily as
       Newborn #1 dives on the man, taking what's left of his life.)

       (There are another DOZEN NEWBORNS of both genders who feed, lounge, fight. What they have in
       common is ferocity, strength, and thirst.)

       (Riley goes to a pretty girl, BREE, 15, who lies in a corner, just awakening. As he squats to check
       on her, she suddenly jumps up, backs against the wall, disoriented and profoundly thirsty. Her
       hand flies to her neck where she was bitten.)

       Bree: What—what did you do to me?

       (Behind Riley the two newborn vampires start pushing each other again, the fight reigniting,
       irritating Riley.)

       Bree: I'm so---so...

       Riley: Yeah, I know. We'll find you someone to drink. The thirst will calm after a while. I've got a
       year under my belt and I'm ok –

       (Just then Newborn #1 rips Newborn #2's head completely off. Bree SCREAMS. Riley shakes his
       head, exasperated.)

       (He leaves BREE in confusion and walks away.)
       [ INT. BELLA'S HOUSE – KITCHEN – NIGHT ]
       (ON RILEY'S FACE – Xeroxed onto a FLIER that reads “Have you seen me?” INCLUDE CHARLIE who sits
       at the table staring at it. Bella enters, dropping her backpack, coat.)

       Bella: Hey. Did you eat dinner yet?

       Charlie: Um... no... I haven't.

       (She looks over his shoulder and sees the flier.)

       Charlie: This kid Riley Biers, disappeared over a year ago. And his poor parents been papering
       Seattle with these things ever since.

       Bella: You think they should just give up?

       Charlie: I wouldn't. If it were you... Not ever.

       (Bella swallows her guilt. She was about to put him through that... and may still. Then he
       unexpectedly wraps an arm around her waist, pulling her close. After a beat, he releases her,
       rising to cover his emotionality.)

       Charlie: So, one large, extra cheese?

       Bella (V.O.): I have to figure out what to tell people...
       [ INT. BELLA'S ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Bella's cocooned in her bed in the dark. Edward lies next to her, her mother's quilt between
       them.)

       Bella: Why I won't be home for Christmases. Why I won't visit. Why they'll never see me again.

       Edward: After a few decades, everyone you know will be dead. Problem solved.

       (She flinches at his brutal honesty. Then faces him.)

       Bella: Why are you so against me becoming like you?

       Edward: I've told you.

       Bella: Be honest with me. There's more.

       Edward: I know the consequences, of this choice you're making. I've lived through it, and to let you
       suffer that. You believe I have a soul... I don't. But to risk yours, just for the sake of never having
       to lose you. It's the most selfish thing I'll ever do.

       (She rests her head on his chest.)

       Bella: I thought, maybe you were afraid that I'll be too different. Unlike. I won't be, you know...
       warm. And won't smell the same.

       (He lifts her face to his.)

       Edward: You'll always be my Bella.

       (And kisses her. She kisses him back. It grows more passionte. She locks her arms around his neck.
       Edward pulls away, both of them reining in their desire.)

       Edward: My Bella, just less fragile.

       (He pulls the quilt around her. As they nestle in, CAMERA PULLS BACK... until we're outside looking
       in the window...)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Emmett and Alice are standing several paces apart. Stone still, keeping watch, listening.)

       (They hear a sound, both springing at once – to find behind them – two wolves. Here to take over
       sentry duty. Slowly, Emmett and Alice back away, the wolves eying their every move. A truce but a
       tense one.)
       [ EXT. LA PUSH – BEACH – DAY ]
       (Bella and Jacob walk along the sand. Jacob seems distracted, like he wants to say something but
       can't. Bella's too busy worrying to notice.)

       Bella: Gosh, it's so pretty here. So, Alice is planning a big graduation party. Which you're invited to.

       (Jacob scoffs.)

       Bella: Yeah, I figured that. What?

       Jacob: I just wanted to do this differently. Smoother. But now, I'm out of time.

       Bella: To what?

       Jacob: You need to hear the truth, Bella. Understand all your options. You need to know... That I'm
       in love with you. And I want you to choose me, instead of him.

       (Bella stares at him, momentarily speechless. Finally --)

       Bella: I thought you understood. I don't feel that way for you.

       Jacob: I don't buy it.

       Bella: What don't you buy? That's how I feel.

       Jacob: You feel something else for me, you just won't admit it. So I'm not giving up. I'm gonna fight
       for you. Until your heart stops beating.

       Bella: Well, then you're not gonna have to fight for long.

       Jacob: You're rushing into it because you're afraid you'll change your mind.

       (This strikes a nerve – which makes her angry.)

       Bella: No, I'm not. I know what I want.

       (Jacob takes her by the arms, emotionally charged -)

       Jacob: You wouldn't have to change for me, Bella. Or say goodbye to anybody. I can give you more
       than him. I mean, he probably can't even kiss you without hurting you. Feel that? Flesh and blood
       and warmth.

       (Suddenly spontaneously, he kisses her. Bella pushes against him angrily, but he pulls her tighter to
       him.)

       (Finally Bella goes limp, drops her arms, opens her eyes, waiting for him to stop. He does, lets go.
       She turns away. He waits, gauging her reaction. Did she feel what he felt?)

       (But Bella spins back toward him and punches him in the mouth. There's a horrible CRUNCH on
       impact. Jacob doesn't even flinch. But Bella grabs her hand in pain.)

       Bella: Ow! Ow!
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (Bella, mad, climbs from Jacob's car holding her injured hand, as Edward's Volvo screeches to a
       stop. He gets out, moves directly for Jacob. Bella gets in his path.)

       Bella: Not here, Edward. Please.

       Edward: If you ever touch her against her will again.

       Bella: Don't do this.

       Jacob: She's not sure what she wants.

       Bella: Don't do this.

       Edward: Well, let me give you a clue.

       Jacob: Wait for her to say the words.

       Edward: Fine. And she will.

       Bella: Jacob. Just go, okay.

       (But Jacob faces off with Edward. Behind them Charlie exits, sees the hostility between them.
       Heads for them--)

       Charlie: Hey, hey, hey, hey... Easy guys, easy. Let's take it down a notch. Alright? What's going on?

       Jacob: I kissed Bella. And she broke her hand... Punching my face.

       (Charlie's expression turns into a glare.)
       [ INT. CULLEN HOUSE – KITCHEN – EVENING ]
       (Edward looks on with concern as Carlisle finishes setting Bella's hand in a splint. Rosalie, at the
       counter, peruses several newspapers, looking for an update.)

       Carlise: Total misunderstanding. It's just a sprain, should heal fairly quickly.

       Emmett: Trying to walk and chew gum at the same time again, Bella?

       Bella: I punched a werewolf in the face.

       Emmett: Bad a*s... You're gonna be one tough little newborn.

       Bella: Tough enough to take you on.

       (Rosalie SLAPS down the newspaper and abruptly walks out, throwing a fierce scowl Bella's way.
       Bella is thrown.)

       Emmett: Don't worry about it.

       Edward: Okay, any Leads?

       Jasper: No sign of the intruder. But Victoria continues to make appearances.

       Carlisle: She's toying with us. Keeping us distracted.

       Emmett: From Seattle?

       Carlise: Or the intruder. Or something else.

       Edward: Alice can keep tracking her decisions but we have to track her on the ground.

       (Tired of being ignored, Bella heads out to the deck.)

       Jasper: We've already cover the entire southern peninsula down to Quinault.

       Edward: We'll searc the northwestern trail.
       [ EXT. CULLEN HOUSE – DECK – EVENING ]
       (The sun sets over the river as Rosalie looks out. Bella exits. Rosalie knows who's behind her
       without looking.)

       Rosalie: Go blather to someone else about the joys of becoming a newborn.

       Bella: Okay. Rosalie... I don't understand what I did, to make you hate me so much.

       Rosalie: I don't hate you. I don't particularly like you, but... Bella, I envy you.

       Bella: What? That's ridiculous.

       Rosalie: No, it's not. You have a choice. I didn't. None of us did. But you do, and you're choosing
       wrong. I don't care how miserable your human life is.

       Bella: My life is not miserable. It's not perfect, but nobody's life is perfect.

       Rosalie: Mine was. Absolutely perfect.

       Bella: It was a long time ago, maybe you're forgetting the bad.

       Rosalie: I remember. And it was perfect. Till the end...

       (She turns toward the river. Bella slowly move to her side.)

       Rosalie: I had... almost had... everything, even though it was the Great Depression. I was eighteen,
       beautiful—everyone in Rochester envied me.

       (PUSH IN ON ROSALIE as--)

       Rosalie: There's only one thing I wanted that I didn't have...

       (SMASH TO – CLOSE ON A BABY'S FACE)

       (CURLY BLACK HAIR, dimples, cherubic. He's being held by–)
       [ EXT. ROCHESTER, NEW YORK – PARK - DAY (1933) ]
       (HUMAN ROSALIE, rosy skin, stunning, but naïve, vain. We see her longing as she hands the boy
       back to his mother, VERA, 18.)


       Rosalie (V.O.): I wanted a child badly. A home of my own, a husband to kiss me when he came
       home from work. And I thought I was going to have all of that...
       [ EXT. ROCHESTER NEW YORK – STREEETS – DAY (1933) ]
       (Rosalie walks on the arm of the handsome, well-dressed ROYCE KING. Passersby eye her
       admiringly. Royce enjoys the attention she brings him. But it's clear from their looks that Royce
       himself is not well-liked.)

       Rosalie: Royce King was the most eligible bachelor in town. I barely knew him. But I was young. I
       was in love with the idea of love.

       (Rosalie doesn't see Royce eyeing a PRETTY WOMAN across the street. The PRETTY WOMAN,
       appalled, hurries along; he wipes the lear off his face. Rosalie blithely only sees her perfect man.)

       Rosalie (V.O.): I was young...
       [ EXT. ROCHESTER NEW YORK – STREETS – NIGHT (1933) ]
       (Rosalie heads down the empty lamp-lit streets. She pulls her coat close in the chill of the night
       air.)

       Rosalie (V.O.): On the last night of my life, I left a friend's house late. I wasn't far from home.

       (She slows as she sees a GROUP OF FIVE MEN, gathered under a streetlight. They laugh drunkenly,
       passing a bottle. Rosalie veers away to avoid them but hears --)

       Royce: Here she is. Hey, Rose. Come over here.

       (Rosalie relaxes a little as she realizes it's Royce.)

       Royce: Here, hold this. Hey, come over here. We've been waiting for you.

       Rosalie: You're drunk.

       Royce: Isn't she lovely, John? I told you she was a looker.

       John: It's hard to say with all those clothes on.

       (Rosalie, uncomfortable, looks to Royce but he just snickers.)

       Royce: What do you say, Rose? Why don't we take off a few layers?

       Rosalie: Stop it... I'll see you tomorrow. Sober.

       (She starts off, but Royce abruptly YANKS her hat off – she CRIES OUT in pain as the pins wrench
       her hair out. Royce grins, the sadist in him unmasked now. The men laugh.)

       Royce: Hey, where do you think you're going?

       Rosalie: Stop it. Just stop it. Let go. Stop it.

       Royce: Comeback. Hey, you'll do as I say.

       (Then he grabs her coat. She fights him, scratching his face, but he violently RIPS the coat off
       her.)

       (ECU on the brass buttons – they POP OFF as they scatter on the street.)


       Rosalie (V.O.): I didn't see who he was until that night. Who they all were...
       [ EXT. CULLEN HOUSE – THE DECK – EVENING ]
       (Bella reels at the horror of Rosalie's as*ault. Empathy fills her as a stoic Rosalie continues.)

       Rosalie: They left me in the street, thinking I was dead. Believe me, I wanted to be. Carlisle found
       me, he smelled all the blood... Thought he was helping me.

       Bella: I'm sorry.

       Rosalie: I got my revenge on them. One at a time. I saved Royce for last, so he'd know I was
       coming.

       (FLASH TO: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR – NIGHT (1933))

       (TWO LARGE MEN guard the doorway to a room. They look up as a specter in white appears at the
       other end of the hall. As it nears we realize it's Rosalie, in her wedding dress)
       [ INT. HOTEL ROOM – NIGHT (1933) ]
       (Royce is terrified as he HEARS the sound of the two guards' bodies falling heavily to the ground.
       He backs into a corner – the door SPLINTERS open and Rosalie enters. OFF Royce's horror as she
       closes in on him)

       (BACK ON ROSALIE PRESENT)

       Rosalie: I was a little theatrical back then. Things got better after I found Emmett. But we'll always
       be this. Frozen, never moving forward. That's what I miss the most, the possibilities. Sitting on a
       front porch somewhere, Emmett gray haired by my side, surrounded by our grandchildren, their
       laughter.

       (Rosalie is silent for a beat. Bella turns to her, empathetic but holding her ground...)

       Bella: I understand, that's what you want. But there's nothing I'll ever gonna want, more... ... than
       Edward.

       Rosalie: You're wrong again. After you've been changed, there's one thing you'll want more... One
       thing you'll k*ll for... Blood.

       (Seeing her point has landed, Rosalie walks off. Bella, shaken, turns back toward the house --)

       (Sees Edward standing in the window, looking out at her...)

       Jessica (O.C.): When we were five, they asked us what we wanted to be when we grew up...
       [ INT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL – GYM – GRADUATION CEREMONY – DAY ]
       (CAMERA PANS ACROSS THE CAPS AND GOWNS, families and teachers. Umbrellas are on hand in
       case the clouds open up.)

       Jessica (O.C.): Our answers were thing like astronaut, president...

       (FIND Jessica at the podium, class valedictorian.)

       Jessica: Or in my case, princess. When we were ten, they asked again and we answered – rock star,
       cowboy, or in my case, gold medalist. But now that we've grown up, they want a serious answer.
       Well, how ‘bout this: who the hell knows?!

       (Loud hoots and hollers from the audience, in which we find Bella. Jessica's words are sinking in.)

       Jessica: This isn't the time to make hard and fast decisions, it's the time to make mistakes. Take
       the wrong train, and get stuck somewhere chill. Fall in love – a lot. Major in philosophy because
       there's no way to make a career out of that. Change your mind. Then change it again, because
       nothing is permanent...

       (OFF Bella knowing there will be no changing her mind once she makes her decision. The speech
       continues.)
       [ INT. HIGH SCHOOL GUYM – GRADUATION CEREMONY – DAY ]
       (On the stage – Bella walks to the school principal and shakes his hand while receiving her
       diploma. Out in the audience Charlie claps loudly, beaming with pride.)

       Jessica (V.O.): So make as many mistakes as you can. That way, someday, when they ask again
       what we want to be... we won't have to guess. We'll know.
       [ EXT. SCHOOL – POST GRADUATION CEREMONY – DAY ]
       (Charlie and Bella walk away, Bella awkwardly shouldering out of her gown and mortarboard. Ad-
       libbed “see you at the party's” with various students including the usual suspects if possible.
       Charlie wraps an arm around Bella's shoulder, emotional.)

       Charlie: I'm so proud of you, Bells. I can't wait to see what you do next. You're my biggest
       accomplishment.

       Bella: Dad, that's not true.

       Charlie: Yeah, it is. And it's... well, you'll see, when you have kids.

       (OFF Bella...)
       [ EXT. SEATTLE – ISOLATED STREET – NIGHT ]
       (Riley, exasperated, stands next to a late model sedan that lies UPSIDE DOWN in the dark street.
       Smoke comes from the engine, a FIRE ignites. Inside the car, a WOMAN SCREAMS --)

       Riley (O.C.): What did I say, about low profile?
       [ EXT. SEATTLE – ISOLATED STREET – NIGHT ]
       (Riley, exasperated, stands next to a late model sedan that lies UPSIDE DOWN in the dark street.
       Smoke comes from the engine, a FIRE ignites. Inside the car, a WOMAN SCREAMS --)

       Riley: Something's coming... Something... Bigger than any of us alone. And if you can't... ... control
       yourselves... We're all going to die.

       (A MALE NEWBORN ignores him, as he pulls the screaming woman from the car and begins to feed
       on her. Nearby, two other NEWBORNS feed on prizes of their own – a PROSTITUE and a BIKE
       MESSENGER. Riley gives up.)

       Riley: What's done is done, just... ... clean up after yourselves.

       (CAMERA CRANES UP AND BACK TO – AN OVERPASS IN THE DISTANCE – where we find FOUR PEOPLE,
       utterly motionless, looking down at the mayhem.)

       (PUSH IN TO FIND they're the VOLTURI: Jane with her misleadingly angelic face. The hulking Felix,
       elegant Demtri and cherubic Alec. All wear dark coats with hoods. Jane is calling the sh*ts.)

       Felix: They've already drawn too much attention.

       Demetri: So has our 'inaction'. Others may begin to question the Volturi's effectiveness.

       Jane: Let them.

       Felix: Maybe we should consult with Aro.

       (Jane sh**t Felix a look – Searing Pain sh**t through his body. The massive Felix drops to the ground
       writhing silently.)

       Jane: Aro's decisions are being watched. We must decide.

       (Alec carefully, gently touches her shoulder, interceding.)

       Alec: Then decide sister. It's time.

       (She releases Felix. Demetri helps him up. She smiles at Alec, utterly uncaring of the agony she
       just caused Felix.)

       Jane: Yes, it is. Either we let them do what they were created for... Or we end them. Decisions,
       decisions...

       (BACK ON RILEY – He senses something. Looks up.)

       (RILEY'S POV ON THE OVERPASS – the Volturi are gone. We begin to hear the pounding of dance
       music as we go to)
       [ INT. CULLEN'S HOUSE – GRADUATION PARTY – NIGHT ]
       (It's wall to wall with teenagers. Dancing, celebrating. Alice has transformed the place into a
       magical nightclub.)

       (ANGLE ON THE FRONT DOOR – as Bella enters, immediately overwhelmed by the crowd. She
       weaves her way through the throngs, searching for Edward. She finally spots him--)

       (BELLA'S POV – THROUGH THE KITCHEN DOOR)

       (Edward is deep in consultation with Carlisle, Emmett and Jasper. Their mood is intense)

       (Bella heads toward them but Jessica and Angela swoop in.)

       Angela: You've made it.

       Jessica: Hey. What'd you think of my speech? Too easy-breezy, too self-helpful? You may admit it.

       Bella: No, you pretty much nailed it.

       Jessica: Yeah? It's like I was born to lead, right?

       Angela: Oh, great. I love this song, let's go.

       (She pulls them to the dance floor where Eric and Mike find them.)

       (Mike and Eric start a robot battle. The girls laugh. There celebratory mood is in striking contrast
       to the atmosphere in the kitchen. A dance floor is Bella's idea of hell, but she forces a smile,
       shuffles a bit. Then she SEES --)

       (BELLA'S POV – ON THE FRONT DOOR)

       (Jacob enters, calm, confident. Quil and Embry flank him, looking tense, eyes darting around the
       room. Bella maneuvers off the dance floor and into Jacob's path.)

       Bella: What are you doing here?

       Jacob: You invited me, remember?

       Bella: Was my right hook too subtle for you? That was me uninviting you.

       Jacob: Look, Bella. I'm sorry... about, you know... The kiss and your hand... I'd blame it on the
       whole inner animal thing... But it was really just... me. Being an a*s. I'm really sorry.

       (She sees he's sincere. She softens, nods.)

       Jacob: I brought you something. A graduation present. I made it myself.

       (He takes her hand and clasps to her wrist a CHARM BRACELET.)

       (INSERT – the charm: an intricately hand-carved figuring of a miniature WOLF. Bella looks at it,
       moved --)

       Bella: Oh... You made this? It's really pretty. Thanks.

       (Jacob's pleased. But then Bella's eye is caught by – ALICE – standing by the staircase, frozen. She's
       having a vision. Alarm clouds Bella's face. Jacob see it --)

       Bella: I'll be right back.

       Jacob: Why? What's going on?

       Bella: Nothing. Just wait here a sec.

       (Jacob shares a suspicious look with Embry and Quil as Bella pushes through the crowd.)

       (ANGLE ON THE STAIRCASE – Bella reaches Alice just as she comes out of her vision, her face
       alarmed.)

       Bella: Alice, what did you see?

       (Jacob appears.)

       Jacob: Okay, something is going on. Tell me.

       Alice: I... need to talk to Jasper.

       (Jacob puts an arm against the wall, blocking her.)

       Jacob: Why don't you talk to me?

       (Suddenly Jasper is there. His expression lethal.)

       Jasper: I suggest you remove – your – arm. Before I do.

       (Jacob does so, slowly, carefully.)

       Alice: The decision's been made.

       Bella: What's going on? You're not going to Seattle?

       Alice: No... They're coming here.

       (Off Alice we SMASH TO --)

       (ALICE'S VISION: SEATTLE – ABANDONED CANNERY)

       (Riley passes Bella's red blouse amongst the newborns. As they inhale, picking up her scent)

       [ EXT. CULLEN HOUSE – BACK DEN – NIGHT ]
       (The party continues inside. But outside, the discussion is tense. Bella, Alice, Edward, Jasper, and
       Carlisle debate as Jacob tries to follow. Quil and Embry are nearby, on guard.)

       Edward: How long?

       Alice: They'll be here in four days.

       Carlisle: This could turn into a blood bath.

       Edward: Who's behind it?

       Alice: I didn't see anyone I recognize. Maybe one...

       Edward: I know his face. He's local, Riley Biers.

       (He catches Bella's eye as she recognizes the name, shaken.)

       Edward: He didn't start this.

       Alice: Whoever did is staying out of the action.

       Carlisle: They must be playing with the blind spots in your vision.

       Jasper: Either way, the army is coming... ... and there aren't enough of us to protect the town.

       Jacob: Hold up. What damn army?

       (He's about to explode. Carlisle and Edward share a look. Edward shakes his head no, but Carlisle
       decides differently.)

       Carlisle: Newborns. Our kind.

       Embry: What are they after?

       Alice: They were passing around Bella's scent. A red blouse.

       Embry: They're after Bella?

       Jacob: What the hell does this mean?

       Carlisle: It means an ugly fight. With lives lost.

       (The weight of it lands on all of them. Beat. Jacob shares a sober look with Embry and Quil. AN
       imperceptible nod.)

       Jacob: Alright... We're in.

       Bella: No. You'll get yourselves k*lled, no way.

       Jacob: I wasn't asking for permission.

       Bella: Edward.

       Jacob: It means more protection for you.

       Bella: Jacob.

       Carlisle: Do you believe Sam will agree to... an understanding?

       Jacob: As long as we get to k*ll some vampires.

       Carlise: Jasper?

       Jasper: They'll give us the numbers. And the newborns won't know they even exist. That'll give us
       an edge.

       Carlisle: We'll need to coordinate.

       Bella: Carlisle, they'll gonna get hurt.

       Carlisle: We'll all need some training. Fighting newborns requires knowledge that Jasper has. You're
       welcome to join us. Alright.

       Jacob: Name the time and place.
       [ INT. CULLEN HOUSE - PARTY – A MINUTE LATER ]
       (Jacob, Quil and Embry head for the door. Bella catches Jacob.)

       Bella: Jake... You don't know what you're getting yourself in to.

       Jacob: Bella... This is what we do. You should be happy. Look at us, working together. You're the
       one who wanted us to get along, remember?

       (Jacob strides out leaving her amid the revelers. As the MUSIC grows louder, PUSH IN on Bella's
       worried face.)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN WOODS – DAWN ]
       (The eerie silence contrasts the previous scene's noise. It's a large field surrounded by dense
       forest. The mist is heavy; it's overcast, grey. Suddenly, the quiet is broke by --)

       (EMMETT BEING FLUNG THROUGH THE AIR, FLAILING IN SLOW MOTION. He lands HARD on his back,
       but immediately springs up to face Jasper, the person who threw him.)

       Emmett: Again.

       (INCLUDE Carlisle, Esme, Alice and Rosalie who watch them spar.)

       (ANGLE ON ARRIVING VOLVO – as it skids to a halt next to Jasper's Jeep. Edward and Bella climb
       out, head into the field together. Halfway across, Edward stops.)

       Edward: They're here.

       (ON THE TREELINE – from out of the mist skulk EIGHT GIANT WOLVES, as wary and on-edge as the

       Cullens are. Emmett recognizes Paul-wolf; their eyes meet, both itching for a rematch.)

       Edward: They don't trust us enough to be in their human forms.

       Carlisle: They came. That's what matters.

       (Bella sees the RED-BROWN WOLF as it turns toward her.)

       Bella: Jake...

       (He seems to almost smile, tongue lolling. A sharp look from Sam-wolf gets Jacob-wolf to focus.)

       Carlisle: Will you translate?

       (Edward nods. Carlisle moves slowly towards their pack. Sam-wolf, the biggest and blackest steps
       forward.)

       Edward: Hey, Jake. Welcome.

       Carlisle: Jasper has experience with newborns. He'll teach us how to defeat them.

       Edward: They want to know how the 'newborns' is differ from us.

       Carlisle: They're a great deal stronger than us, because their own human blood lingers in their
       tissues. Our kind is never more physically powerful... ... than in our first several months of this
       life.

       (The pack takes this in. Carlisle nods to Jasper to take over. Jasper is initially uncomfortable with
       both the wolves and the attention. But steps forward --)

       Jasper: Carlisle's right. That's why they are created. A newborn army, doesn't need thousands like a
       human army. And no human army could stand against them. The two most important things to
       remember are, first... Never let them get their arms around you. They'll crush you instantly. The
       second... Never go for the obvious k*ll. They'll be expecting that. And you will lose. Emmett? Don't
       hold back.

       Emmett: Not in my nature.

       (Emmett charges Jasper with impossible speed, but Jasper is a virtual BLUR. Emmett lunges
       several times, his strong arms grabbing at air. Jasper stops long enough to say --)

       Jasper: Never lose focus. One more thing... Never turn your back on your enemy.

       (Emmett lunges again with similar results, until suddenly he FREEZES – Jasper has him from
       behind, his teeth an inch from Emmettt's throat.)

       (Bella is taken aback by Jasper's skill. And there's an impressed RUMBLE among the watching
       wolves.)

       (TRAINING SEQUENCE – A SERIES OF sh*ts)

       (Everyone takes turns sparring with Jasper, or pairing off against each other. They're all blurs,
       which become visible as shift to SLOW MOTION to SEE a violent but extraordinary dance.)

       (Alice and Jasper spar, spiraling, twisting. Jasper launches at her but with her eyes GLAZED OVER,
       not looking at him, she sees his moves before he makes them. Out of nowhere, Alice is perched on
       his back; she kisses his neck.)

       Alice: Gotchya.

       (Edward and Carlisle attack one another, but Edward can read Carlisle's mind which gives him the
       advantage. He twirls beyond Carlisle's grasp, then SLAMS into him delivering a vicious body blow.)

       Jasper (V.O.): Focus on speed, agility, keep your opponent off guard...

       (The wolves rise or pace, watching intently, itching to get into the fray but holding back.)

       Jasper (V.O.): Use their momentum against them—

       (ANGLE ON BELLA – anxiously wathcing these firece, life and death w*r games. A portent of the
       v*olence to come.)

       (A FURRY MUZZLE brushes her face. Jacob-wolf is beside her, his eyes conveying concern. She
       pensively looks back out at the field. --)

       Bella: Some of you, are gonna get hurt. Some of you could get k*lled, because of me. It's gonna be
       a hundred times worse than this, right?

       (A beat – then Jacob nuzzles her face again. She pets him. Leans against him.)

       Edward (O.C.): We're done for the day.

       (Edward has suddenly appeared next to her. His expression is calm, but firm. Jacob-wolf eyes
       them... then rejoins his pack as they retreat into the woods.)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – LATER DAY ]
       (The Jeep pulls away carrying Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie and Emmett.)

       (Bella sits on the hood of the Volvo. Jasper approaches kicking the mud from his shoes; brushing
       dirt off. Bella looks at him as if for the first time.)

       Bella: Jasper... Are you sure, there's nothing I can do to help?

       Jasper: Your presence alone, your scent will distract the newborns. Their hunting instinct will take
       over, drive them crazy.

       Bella: Good. I'm glad. Hey. How do you know so much about this?

       Jasper: I didn't have quite the same upbringing as my adopted siblings.

       (Hoping to end the conversation, he starts to move away but she jumps off the Jeep, following
       him.)

       (He pauses, sees her inquiring look. Beat. He slowly rolls up a sleeve. Shows her --)

       (BELLA'S POV – CLOSE ON JASPER'S ARM)

       (At first we see nothing in the overcast grey light. Then it becomes clear – his arm is feathered
       with hundreds of white, half-moon shaped scars. Bella is aghast.)

       Bella: Those bites are like mine.

       Jasper: Battle scars. All the training the Confederate Army gave me... ... was useless against the

       newborns. Still, I never lost a fight.

       Bella: This has happened during the civil w*r?

       (He nods as he starts to walk. She walks apace with him.)

       Jasper: I was the youngest major in the Texas cavalry. All without having seen any real battle.

       Bella: Until...

       Jasper: Until I'm not a certain immortal. Maria.

       (OFF JASPER'S FACE, darkening with the past)
       [ EXT. DESERT OUTSIDE HOUSE ON, TX – NIGHT (1863) ]
       (MATCH CUT – JASPER'S HUMAN FACE, tan and flushed with the extertion of riding his horse full
       throttle down the dirt road. He looks dashing in his confederate uniform.)

       Jasper: I was riding back to Galveston... ... after evacuating a column of women and children.
       When I saw her...

       (He slows when he sees three women in frayed dresses and bare feet. Their beauty overwhelms
       him. MARTA, Mexican, black-haired, porceleain-skinned is flanked by two blondes, LUCY and
       NETTIE. He dismounts, politely bows. Maria scrutinizes him.)

       Jasper: I immediately offered her my aid.

       Lucy (INHALING HIS SCENT): Lovely. And an officer.

       Nettie: You'd better do it, Maria. I can never stop once I've started.

       (Jasper is confused but mesmerized as Maria moves closer.)

       Maria: What's your name, soldier?

       Jasper: Major Jasper Whitlock, Ma'am.

       Maria: I hope you survive. You maybe of a great use to me.
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – DAY ]
       (BACK ON JASPER who stops walking, the painful memory washing over him. Bella moves to a
       fallen log, sits.)

       Bella: Maria was creating an army?

       Jasper: They were very common in the South. And cost a brutal battles for territory.
       [ EXT. TEXAS DESERT – NIGHT (1860s) ]
       (MATCH CUT JASPER'S FACE, EYES RED – he's almost unrecognizable in his ferocity as he TEARS
       through an opposing ARMY of NEWBORNS, ripping off limbs, arms, heads. He's a terrifying
       warriror.)

       Jasper (V.O.): Maria won them all. She was smart, careful. And she had me. I was the second in
       command. My abilities to control emotions served her well.
       [ INT. BARN – DAY (LATE 1800's) ]
       (Jasper trains a group of NEWBORNS, demonstrating defensive and attack maneuvers. They're a
       feral-looking bunch. Jasper's eyes are burgundy-red, his face hard, cold –until he crosses a young,
       innocent-looking boy, 15. Jasper softens ever so slioghtly as he encourages the boy, who clearly


       looks up to him.)

       Jasper (V.O.): I trained her newborns. An endless occupation since she never let them live beyond
       their first year.

       (A STRONGER NEWBORN easily pins the BOY. MARIA appears behind Jasper, grabs him into a kiss,
       dominant and salacious. She whispers to him regarding the boy.)

       Jasper: It was my job to dispose of them.
       [ INT. BARN – NIGHT ]
       Jasper: I could feel everything they felt.

       (SEE Jasper's despair as he restrains the BOY in a choke –hold, almost an embrace before twisting
       the boy's head off.)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – DAY ]
       (BACK ON JASPER – his despair as acute as if it was yesterday. Alice has appeared next to him.)

       Jasper: I thought what Maria and I had was love. But I was her puppet. She pulled the strings. I
       didn't know there was another way... Until I found Alice. Now she'd seen me coming, of course.

       Alice: Kept me waiting long enough.

       Jasper: My apologies, Ma'am. I don't know what I'd have become without her.

       (ALICE wraps her arms around Jasper from behind him.)

       Alice: You'll never have to be that again.

       (Alice tries to kiss the ghosts away. Off Bella, taking it all in...)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (PUSH IN ON the second story... Bella's darkened window...)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – NIGHT (DREAM SEQUENCE) ]
       (FIND Bella back in the field, only now she's alone. CAMERA CIRCLES around her until it's over her
       shoulder and we SEE – Jasper in front of her. Then MARIA steps next to Jasper, whispers
       seductively into his ear; we don't hear it --)

       (PUSH IN CLOSE ON JASPER'S EYES – they begin to TURN BRIGHT BLOOD RED, thirst-crazed...)

       (PULL OUT AGAIN to discover that it's no longer Maria next to him. It's VICTORIA.)

       (She lunges for Bella, but for once instead of running she faces her enemy and SWINGS --)
       [ INT. BELLA'S ROOM – NIGHT ]
       (ON BELLA IN BED – MID-SWING – Edward catches her fist. She was dreaming, but the fist was real.
       Her eyes focus, realizing she swung at Edward. Her heart is racing.)

       Edward: What is it?

       Bella: The intruder... The newborn army. They're all her puppets. Victoria.

       Edward: Alice would've seen if she wanted to make an army.

       Bella: Unless she's hiding behind them, and she's letting someone else decide. Maybe she found out
       how Alice's visions work.

       (Edward rises, considering.)


       Edward: Trust me – I want it to be her. I want her that close. To end her myself, with my own
       hands.

       (She sees the darkness in his face. Not certain what to make of his murderous side.)
       [ EXT. SEATTLE – UNDER A BRIDGE – NIGHT ]
       (It's dark. Riley appears in the shadows DRAGGING by the collar a barely conscious, athletic, young
       man, TRISTAN, 18. Riley effortlessly pulls Tristan's weight behind him as he traverses the long
       stretch of the underpass.)

       (ON TRISTAN'S FACE – he tries desperately to focus. The BUMP on his head prevents lucidity.)

       Tristan: Stop... I...

       (But he's dragged over a stone, CRIES OUT in pain --)

       (Riley ignores him, finally reaching his destination. He releases Tristan who drops hard to the
       ground.)

       (Tristan's blinded by the darkness, dazed, terrified – he starts to crawl away. He doesn't SEE a pair
       of boots step up behind him. He manages to get to his feet, about to run --)

       (Suddenly a hand wrenches him backward... it's Victoria. She forces him to his knees, his back to
       her. She sh**t a smile at Riley – he returns it, backing away from the coming blood.)

       (She yanks Tristan's head to the side to expose his neck.)

       Victoria: Welcome to the army.
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – DAY ]
       (Edward exits with Bella on his heels.)

       Bella: I'm not just gonna hide, while you're taking all the risks for me?

       Edward: If it's Victoria involved... I need to keep you as far away from the fight as possible.

       Bella: Jasper said that I could be of help.

       Edward: We won't need your help. With the wolves in this, it's an easy win. The rest of us, aren't
       gonna have enough to do.

       Bella: Okay, either it's so dangerous that I have to hide... Or it's so easy, that you're gonna be side
       blind, which is it?

       Edward: It's dangerous for you. It's easy for us.

       Bella: I think it's dangerous for us to be apart. How many times we have to prove that? I'll be
       worrying. You'll be worried. And we'll both feel more horrible.

       Edward: Okay, you're right.

       Bella: So, I'm coming with you.

       Edward: No, we've got to stay away together.

       Bella: I can't make you choose between me and your family, it's...


       Edward: The only way I can protect you, is to be with you.
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – DAY ]
       (Jacob faces Bella and Edward. They're in the center of the field. Jasper stands several paces
       behind Edward.)

       Jacob: You're not fighting? What, you pull a muscle or something?

       Bella: He's doing it for me. Okay?

       (Jacob looks at her, at Edward, shakes his head with disdain.)

       Jacob: Whatever. Just tell me the plan.

       (Jasper steps forward slightly.)

       Jasper: This field will give us an advantage in battle. We need to lure the newborns with Bella's
       scent. It needs to end here.

       Bella: Edward and I are going on a campsite. Even if he carries me, they'll still pick up our scents.

       Edward: Your stench, however, is revolting.

       Jacob: Dude, you really don't want to start comparing stinks.

       Bella: What he means, is that your scent will mask mine if you carry me.

       Jacob: Done.

       Edward: This is not a good idea.

       Jasper: Edward. They won't want to get anywhere near his... odor.

       Bella: Okay, let's just try it.

       (Edward finally nods. She extends her arms to Jacob. He grins, picks her up, holding her tight.)

       Jacob: Eau de wolf, comin' up.

       Edward: Run.
       [ EXT. FOREST – DAY ]
       (Jacob runs through the trees carrying Bella – not super-human speed, but fast, and not breaking a
       sweat. Some time has passed and Jacob sets Bellla down. They start to walk, circling back slowly
       toward their distant starting point.)

       Jacob: You gonna ask me to sit out the fight, too? Or don't you care about my safety?

       Bella: Of course I care, but you'd say no.

       Jacob: So I won't have a choice anyways. Since I let Sam be alpha male. I got to live with the sh*ts
       he calls.

       Bella: Since you let Sam be alpha?

       Jacob: I didn't want to be in a pack, let alone be it's their leader.


       Bella: Wow. Chief Jacob.

       Jacob: Opted out. But every choice has it's consequences. Some more than others.

       Bella: Don't start. Everybody makes choices, you gonna have to accept mine.

       Jacob: You can love more than one person at a time. I've seen it, with Sam, Emily, and Leah.

       Bella: Well... I'm not a wolf, I can't imprint.

       Jacob: It has nothing to do with imprinting. It has to do with... Feeling something for somebody.
       And I know you feel something for me. I can sense how I make you feel... Physically. I make you
       nervous.

       (Jacob pulls her closer, indeed, making her a little nervous.)

       Bella: Jake.

       Jacob: Don't worry. I promised I wouldn't kiss you again until you asked.

       Bella: You're going to be keeping that promise for a while, Chief.

       (He sees he's gotten to her, grins.)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – DAY ]
       (BACK ON EDWARD as Jasper jogs out of the woods.)

       Jasper: All I picked up was wolf stench. No Bella. This will work.

       Edward: Great.
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – AFTERNOON ]
       (Bella climbs from her truck just as Alice exits the house with Charlie. The two laugh, enjoying
       one another. As Alice heads down the stairs...)

       Charlie: Okay, Alice. Don't be a stranger.

       Alice: Okay.

       (Bella, surprised, waves back as Charlie heads into the house. Alice meets Bella in the yard.)

       Alice: Your alibi for the battle is all arranged.

       Bella: Really?

       Alice: I told your father that our whole family's going camping this weekend. So you and I are
       having a sleep over at my house. Charlie is going fishing anyway.

       Bella: Charlie? You guys run for the same basis now?

       Alice: Me, he likes. Actually, you and Edward will have the house to yourself tonight.

       Bella: Like alone?

       Alice: We're all going hunting, powering up for the battle. You're welcome.


       (OFF BELLA, flushed with anticipation and nerves...)
       [ INT. BELLA'S HOUSE – KITCHEN – AFTERNOON ]
       (BELLA enters has Charlie makes a sandwich. He looks up.)

       Charlie: Hey. Do you want a sandwich?

       Bella: No, I'm good.

       Charlie: Well, the sister... I like.

       Bella: Alice. Yeah, she's great.

       (She moves to the sink, starts washing dishes, overly casual --)

       Bella: Hey, Dad. I was wondering... Why didn't you get remarried, after Mom?

       Charlie: I don't know... Guess I still haven't met the right gal. Why?

       Bella: I don't know. I thought you just... Maybe you gave up on the whole institution of it. Of
       marriage. But do you think there's any value in it?

       Charlie: Yeah. Yeah, marriage has value. When you're older. Much older. Like you're mother... It
       seem to work out fine for her the second time round. Later in life.

       Bella: Yeah, I guess. I mean...

       Charlie: You definitely don't wanna have to get married, because you weren't... careful.

       Bella: What?

       Charlie: Look, you know what I'm talking about. There's... Things, that you need to think about it,
       if you... If you gonna be... physically intimate.

       Bella: Okay. Don't... until we've enough of 'The Talk'.

       Charlie: Don't you just quit. It's just as embarrassing for me, as it is for you.

       Bella: I doubt that. And don't bother, 'cause Mom beat you too early ten years ago.

       Charlie: Well, you didn't have a boyfriend ten years ago.

       Bella: I'm sure things work the same way.

       Charlie: Alright. So... You guys are... taking precautions, and...

       Bella: Okay, dad. Please just don't worry about that. Edward is... old school.

       Charlie: Old school, great. What's that? Like a code for something?

       Bella: Oh my God. Dad... I'm a virgin.

       Charlie: Okay, good. Glad we covered that.

       Bella: Me too.


       Charlie: Virgin... Liking Edward a little bit more now.

       (Bella, mortified, bolts for the door.)
       [ EXT. CULLEN HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Bella approaches the front door, overnight bag on her shoulder. She's nervous. Awkward. She
       arranges her hair. Straightens her sweater. Checks her breath --)

       (THE DOOR SUDDENLY OPENS – to reveal Edward, worried.)

       Edward: What are you doing here outside? What's wrong?

       Bella: Nothing.

       (He looks at her quizzically, but takes her bag, shows her in. She takes a deep breath and enters.)
       [ INT. EDWARD'S BEDROOM – NIGHT ]
       (Bella follows Edward into the room to find a large, luxurious, wrought-iron bed. She stops at the
       sight of it.)

       Bella: There's a bed.

       Edward: I thought you might need one to sleep in.

       (She tentatively moves to it, sitting on it's edge.)

       Bella: I think an air mattress would've sufficed.

       Edward: It is too much?

       Bella: No. No, it's perfect.

       (Inhaling courage, she scoots to the bed's center.)

       Bella: I want to ask you something.

       (He sees something's on her mind. Joins her on the bed.)

       Edward: Anything.

       Bella: Okay, marriage is the condition for you, to change me yourself, right?

       Edward: Yes.

       Bella: Okay. I want to negotiate my own condition.

       Edward: Anything you want, It's yours.

       Bella: Do you promise?

       Edward: Yeah.

       (Bella looks at him. Then leans over, kisses him. Awkwardly, she moves closer still, kisses him
       again, more deeply... he returns the kiss. Passion sweeps over them. But as she attempts to
       unbutton his shirt – he pulls back.)

       Edward: Bella... no.
       Bella: You've said that you wanted me to have every human experience.

       Edward: Not the ones that support risk k*lling you.

       Bella: You won't. And everyone says, once I'm changed... ... all I'm gonna want is to slaughter the
       whole town.

       Edward: That part doesn't last forever.

       Bella: I want you. While I'm still me. While I still want you this way.

       Edward: It's too dangerous.

       Bella: Try... Just try. I'll go to some ridiculously expensive college... ... and let you buy me a car. I'll
       marry you, just try.

       (He sees how important it is to her. Wrest less with his own conflicting desires. A difficult internal
       debate.)

       Bella: Please.

       (She sees he's on the fence. She tentatively moves closer. Kisses his forehead. His cheek. His lips...
       he allows himself to kiss her back. And he keeps going.)

       (Passion builds again... she successfully tugs his shirt off. Bare chested, he pulls her closer. They
       fall back on the bed... but when she tries to take off her own shirt – he finally pulls back, trying
       to retrieve his wits.)

       Edward: Stop trying to take your clothes off.

       Bella: Do you want to do that part?

       Edward: Not tonight.

       (She shrinks back. Utterly humiliated. Rejected.)

       Bella: Okay. I mean, you don't... But, fine.

       (He quickly moves to her side. Grabs her up, pulling her close, intense desire in his eyes.)

       Edward: Believe me, I want to. I just want to be married to you first.

       (He kisses her hand. Bella's trying to sort this out.)

       Bella: You really make me feel like I'm some sort of like a villain trying... ... steal your virtue or
       something.

       Edward: It's not my virtue I'm concerned about.

       Bella: Are you kidding?

       Edward: It's just one rule, I wanna leave unbroken. It might be too late for my soul, but I will
       protect yours. I know it's not a modern notion.

       Bella: It's not modern. It's ancient.


       Edward: I'm from a different era. Things were... a lot less complicated. And if I met you back
       then...

       (He slides off the bed, still holding her hand – PUSH IN ON BELLA'S FACE AS --)

       Edward: I would've courted to you. We'd have taken chaperoned strolls, or had iced tea on the
       porch. I may have stolen a kiss or two. But, only... ... after asking your father's permission. I
       would've got down on one knee.

       (Edward, now on one knee...)

       Edward: And I would presented you with a ring.

       (He takes from his pocket a little BLACK BOX, and flips it open to reveal--)

       (INSERT – THE SPARKLING RING – a long oval face with slanting rows of glittering stones, set within
       a fragile web of gold.)

       Edward: This was my mother's.

       (The beautiful ring literally takes Bella's breath away. Edward pulls her to her feet as he remains
       on his knee. Fear and love do battle within her as--)

       Edward: Isabella Swan. I promise to love you, every moment forever. And would you do me the
       extraordinary honor of marrying me?

       (As he slips the ring on her finger, she is overcome. Tears spring to her eyes as, finally, love wins
       out...)

       Bella: Yes.

       (He rises, overjoyed, and embraces her, lifting her off her feet. He is joyous. She reels,
       overwhelmed, ambivalence, not entirely gone as she takes in the ring on her finger...)
       [ INT. SEATTLE – ABANDONED CANNERY – NIGHT ]
       (ON RILEY AND VICTORIA – in an embrace, a dark, discomfiting mirror image of the previous scene.
       They're on a secluded catwalk, away from the newborn army.)

       Riley: You're not coming with us?

       Victoria: It will be a last minute decision. I told you how it works.

       Riley: Right. The Cullens have powers.

       (Victoria pulls away, ever so slightly irritated by his tone.)

       Victoria: Don't underestimate them, Riley. You'll have the numbers, but they'll be able to... ...
       anticipate your every move.

       Riley: According to your friend.

       (She looks at him, not sure where he's going with this. She circles him.)

       Victoria: Yes. My dead friend. Laurent found out about the things they could do, and they k*lled
       him. But not before he told me.


       Riley: Maybe he was wrong. I mean... This is supposed to be... Cullen territory. But we've been
       tearing it up and I've never even seen them here.

       (Fury flashes in her eyes. She's suddenly standing several feet away from him.)

       Victoria: You don't trust me.

       Riley: With my life. I'm just saying that...

       Victoria: I'm doing this for us. So that we can feed, without their retaliation. I can't live in fear
       anymore, waiting for them to attack.

       (He's suddenly next to her, wrapping his arms around her.)

       Riley: I won't let them. I'm going to end the Cullen clan. I swear.

       (She looks at him, then kisses him, hard.)

       Victoria: I love you. So much.

       (He embraces her – but over his shoulder, we see her eyes go flat, the emotion disappearing.)
       [ EXT. TRAIL IN THE WOODS – MORNING ]
       (CLOSE BELLA'S FINGER (sans ring) – A PIN PRICKS IT and a single drop of BLOOD appears.)

       (INCLUDE BELLA who touches her finger to the side of a tree. She moves up the trail to the next
       tree, touching it was well. A cold wind blows. The clouds above are dark. She continues, making
       her way to --)
       [ EXT. THE CLEARING – MORNING ]
       (Bella emerges into the empty field. She touches another tree. Edward comes up behind her.)

       Edward: You're going overboard.

       Bella: If this is all I can contribute, I want to be thorough.

       Edward: The newborns will be frantic. Now let me put a bandage on that.

       (He reaches for her left hand. She pulls it away, worried --)

       Bella: It's Okay. Don't make yourself uncomfortable.

       Edward: It doesn't bother me anymore.

       Bella: Since when?

       (He takes her hand. Puts a bandage on it.)

       Edward: Since I spent 24 hours thinking you were dead.

       (He continues to hold her hand. Gives her a quizzical look.)

       Edward: You're not wearing your ring.

       Bella: Well, I didn't want to risk losing it.

       Edward: Or risk Jacob seeing it?

       Bella: I think we should wait to tell him. I mean, at least till after the fight.

       Edward: If you're having second thoughts...

       Bella: I'm not. I just want him to have a clear head.

       Jacob (O.C.): Whose head is unclear?

       (They spin to find Jacob across the clearing. He approaches --)

       Bella: Nobody's, I hope.

       (Edward and Jacob nod curtly to one another. Jacob eyes the cloudy sky. Edward does the same.)

       Edward: Alice says there's a storm coming.

       Jacob: Yeah, I can feel it. We should get going.

       Edward: I'll take the longer route. But I'll get there first. Set up camp.

       (Jacob nods. Edward turns to Bella, searing her face for ambivalence or surety. Finally, he kisses
       her forehead --)

       Edward: I'll see you in a couple of hours.

       (He grabs her bag and some gear, leaves. Jacob eyes Bella.)

       Jacob: Something up?

       Bella: A bunch of vampires trying to k*ll me.

       Jacob: Same old, same old.

       (They share a smile as he slings her onto his back.)
       [ EXT. ABANDONED LUMBER YARD ON THE WATER – DAY ]
       (Riley leads the ARMY OF NEWBORNS across this ghostly yard. They move at a trot, LEAPING over
       pyramids of rotting logs. As they head for the water, FIND BREE, doubt on her face...)
       [ EXT. WOODS – DAY ]
       (Jacob runs with Bella, maintining a steady jog, effortlessly carrying her weight. She holds onto
       him, he mind heavy with concerns --)
       [ EXT. PUGET SOUND BEACH – LATER DAY ]
       (ON THE MISTY DESERTED BEACH... eerily, Riley rises form the water. Muddy and drenched but
       unfazed by the frigid water. He doesn't break stride, simply heads for the woods.)

       (One by one the rest of the army appears behind him. They follow Riley, picking up speed. First
       walking, then running – an unstoppable force.)

       (At the rear is BREE...)
       [ EXT. WOODS – LATER DAY ]
       (BACK ON JACOB CARRYING BELLA, climbing the mountainside, going up and up.)

       (INTERCUTTING ENDS as Jacob and Bella reach --)
       [ EXT. MOUNTAINS – EVENING – AERIAL SHOT TO ESTABLISH ]
       (Jacob & Bella reach the peak where Edward waits near the tent.)

       [ EXT. MOUNTAIN PEAK – EVENING ]
       (Snow falls in earnest now, glacial winds blow, Jacob sets Bella down. They hurry to the left side
       of the peak to find – a campsite – erected against the sheltering face of the peak. Edward stands
       by the tent pacing, waiting. He's acutely relieved to see her. He hugs her. Turns to Jacob--)

       Edward: Thank you.

       (Jacob nods. Bella turns to Jacob as well.)

       Bella: You should get back before the storm hits.

       Jacob: No, I'm staying. You'll need my connection to the pack, to keep tabs on what's going on.

       (Edward looks down, none-too-happy but knowing Jacob's right.)

       Bella: You're not going to fight?

       Jacob: Seth will spell me in the morning. He's not happy about missing the action, but it'll keep him
       out of trouble.

       (Edward notes her disappointment. Be he covers, guiding her toward the tent.)

       Edward: Let's get you inside.
       [ EXT. TENT – NIGHT ]
       (Snow blows sideways as the wind batters the tent. A light glows from inside --)
       [ INT. EDWARD AND BELLA'S TENT – SAME ]
       (A lantern burns. Bella's wrapped in her down sleeping bag, fully dressed. But her teeth still
       rattle. It's that cold.)

       Edward: I should have chosen a site lower down.

       Bella: No, It's fine. I'm okay.

       Edward: What can I do?

       (She can only shake her head.)
       [ INT. EDWARD AND BELLA'S TENT – SAME ]
       (Suddenly the front ZIPPER opens – to reveal JACOB.)

       Jacob: I can't sleep with all that teeth chattering going on.

       (Jacob starts to climb into the tent. Edward reads his mind.)

       Edward: Forget it.

       Jacob: She may need her toes someday. And let's face it... I'm hotter than you.

       (Jacob begins to crawl to Bella's side but Edward's hand is suddenly hard on his shoulder. Jacob's
       jaw clenches.)

       Jacob: Get your hand off me.

       Edward: Get your hands off her.

       Bella: Don't fight.


       (Edward sees her severe discomfort. He very reluctantly pulls his hand away. Jacob looks at him in
       all seriousness.)

       Jacob: She gets sick, it's on you.

       (Edward debates, then makes a hard choice... he nods. Jacob climbs into the sleeping bag next to
       Bella. Edward seethes.)

       Jacob: Why. you're freezing, Bella. Relax, You'll warm up soon. Faster if you took your clothes off.

       Bella: Jake.

       Jacob: Survival one oh one.

       (Edward glares. But quickly sees that Bella shivering begins to lessen, and the relief of warmth
       sweep over her. Off Edward, envious...)
       [ INT. TENT – LATER NIGHT ]
       (ON BELLA, no longer shaking. Her eyelids are losing the fight against sleep. INCLUDE JACOB,
       spooned behind her, resting on one elbow, facing Edward across the tent. Edward glares at him.)

       Edward: Can you, at least attempt to control your thoughts?

       Jacob: I really get under that ice cold skin of yours, don't I? What? Are you doubting her feelings for
       you?

       (On BELLA – her eyes flicker open slightly. The guys don't see she's awake. When Edward doesn't
       answer, Jacob scoffs.)

       Jacob: Nice... So picking through my brain's okay, but letting me into yours, forget it. Look... I
       know she's in love with you.

       Edward: Oh, good.

       Jacob: But she's in love with me, too. She just won't admit it to herself.

       Edward: I can't tell you if you're right.

       (Jacob's taken aback by his honesty.)

       Jacob: Then let me ask you something. If she chooses me...

       Edward: She won't.

       Jacob: If she did. Would you try to k*ll me?

       (ON BELLA – she waits for the answer.)

       Edward: That's an intriguing idea. But no. I couldn't hurt her like that.

       Jacob: No, you'd just turn her into a bloodsucking demon like you.

       Edward: I don't want that. I never wanted that.

       Jacob: So stop her.


       Edward: I tried. I left.

       Jacob: But you gave up too quickly. If you'd stayed away another six months, I could've made her
       happy. Trust me. You have to consider... ... that I might be better for her than you are.

       Edward: I have considered that. I know you can protect her. But you can give her a life, a human
       life. It's all I want for her. But, I'm not... I'm not going to force her into anything, ever again. The
       last time I tried, it almost k*lled us both.

       Jacob: Yeah, that I remember. When you thought she was gone... ... that you'd lost her... How did
       you... cope?

       Edward: There're no words. But I wouldn't wash it on anyone, Jacob. This might sound odd, but I'm
       glad you're here. As much as I'd love to k*ll you, I'm glad she's warm. If we weren't natural
       enemies... ... and you weren't trying to steal my reason for existing... I might actually like you.

       Jacob: Well... If you weren't planning on sucking the life out of the girl I love, I might... No... Not
       even then.

       (Edward has to laugh. As we PUSH IN ON BELLA'S FACE – sleep taking over...)

       Jacob (V.O.): But she could still change her mind, you know.

       Edward (V.O.): Then I'd let her go.

       (CLOSE ON BELLA'S FACE – SUDDENLY IN BRIGHT LIGHT)

       (HER EYES OPEN, MORNING LIGHT BLINDING HER.)
       [ INT. TENT – MORNING ]
       (THE SUN OUTSIDE ILLUMINATES THE TENT. BELLA IS ALONE.)
       [ EXT. TENT – MORNING ]
       (The wind has died. The ground is white with snow, the campsite eerily quiet. The tent unzups and
       Bella climbs out... to FIND – A YOUNG WOLF staring at her, sitting on his haunches.)

       Bella: Hi, Seth.

       (Seth-wolf pants a little; it passes for “hello”)

       Bella: Where's Jacob? Did he already...

       Edward (O.C.): Not yet.

       (She turns as Edward rounds the peak, joins her.)

       Edward: He's checking to see if the woods are clear before he goes.

       (He wraps his arms around her. Seth-wolf jogs off.)

       Bella: I'm really sorry about last night. I couldn't have been easy on you.

       Edward: It definitely won't make my list of top ten favorite evenings.

       Bella: You have a list?

       Edward: All ten I spent with you. Number one is when you said you'd marry me. Mrs. Cullen.

https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?t=9147&sid=e241b34642199703a100cb8b5dc6f55f&view=print        50/63
19/3/25, 7:36                                        Transcripts - Forever Dreaming • Twilight Saga, The: Eclipse


       Bella: This is the twenty-first century, I always wanna hyphenate my name.

       Jacob (O.C.): You're marrying him?

       (She spins to find Jacob has reappeared. His face is devastated, fighting tears of rage, betrayal.)

       Bella: Jake... You knew he was listening?

       Edward: He deserves to know.

       (Which confirms for Jacob that it's true. He turns, strides toward the woods. Bella starts to run
       after him.)

       Bella: Jake, stop.

       Edward: Bella, let him...

       Bella: Don't.

       (Edward sees her desperation. He sinks, resignedly, and heads into the woods, disappearing. Bella
       races to Jacob --)

       Bella: Jake, stop. Jake, please.

       Jacob: I'm done. I'm so done.

       Bella: What can I do?

       Jacob: You can't do anything. I can. By going out there and k*lling something.

       Bella: No. You're not thinking clearly, don't do that.

       Jacob: Maybe I'll get myself k*lled and make it simple for you.

       Bella: No. Just, Jake... Stay.

       Jacob: Why? Give me one good reason.

       Bella: Because I don't wanna lose you.

       Jacob: It's not good enough.

       Bella: Because you're too important.

       Jacob: Still not good enough.

       (He keeps moving. She searches for something to convice him --)

       Bella: Jacob. Kiss me.

       (He stops. Looks back at her.)

       Bella: I'm asking you to kiss me.

       (He grabs her and kisses her. His anger melts into passion. As the kiss continues, Bella, to her

       surprise finds herself surrendering to it.)

       (PUSH IN CLOSE ON HER FACE as a wave of repressed feelings rises up, flooding her mind.)
       [ EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE – DAY (BELLA'S FANTASY) ]
       (A SERIES OF FAST DISSOLVES, ONE INTO ANOTHER – YEARS PASS)

       (Bella and Jacob arm in arm, sitting on the stoop in the bright sunlight...)

       (Now they're in their late 20's – they rock an INFANT. Renee appears, takes the child, joyously
       tosses her grandchild in the air.)

       (Early 30's – there are two kids now. Jacob roughhouses with the oldest boy as Bella and a happy,
       aging CHARLIE help the TODDLER GIRL to walk.)

       (40's – their TWO GROWN KIDS pile out of Jacob's car. Home for a holiday. Gray-haired Charlie and
       Billy are there with Bella to welcome them...)

       (60's – Bella and Jacob who are graying now, playing with their own grandchildren. Contended. A
       family.)
       [ EXT. CAMPSITE – ECU – MORNING ]
       (On Bella)

       (She abruptly snaps out of it. Pulls away, reeling. Jacob whispers in her ear.)

       Jacob: That should have been our first kiss.

       (Jacob is torn, doesn't want to leave.)

       Jacob: I gotta go. I'll be back.

       (Jacob heads out to the fight. Bella's eyes water with guilt, confusion, emotion – she hurries back
       to the tent.)

       Bella: Edward.

       (He appears from around the rock, comes toward her. She sees his face, stops.)

       Bella: You saw.

       Edward: No. But Jacob's thoughts are very loud.

       Bella: I don't know what happened.

       Edward: You love him.

       Bella: I love you more.

       Edward: I shouldn't have forced you to choose.

       Bella: Please don't be understanding. I don't deserve it.

       Edward: It's my fault. When I went away, I left you bleeding and he stitched you up. I can't blame
       you for something I made necessary.

       Bella: Don't you dare blame yourself.


       Edward: I just want you to be happy, no matter –

       (He stops abruptly – turns to see Seth-wolf loping out of the woods, growling. Edward reads his
       thoughts --)

       (FLASHPOP TO – EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – MORNING)

       (SETH'S/EDWARD'S VISION)

       (A PAIR OF MALE BARE FEET step onto the wet grass. PAN UP TO FIND A NEWBORN. Hungry. Ready
       for a fight)

       (BACK ON EDWARD – HIS EXPRESSION GRAVE. HE TURNS TO BELLA.)

       Edward: It's starting.
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – MORNING ]
       (BACK ON THAT MALE NEWBORN – A beat, then suddenly from behind him, the whole newborn
       army blitzes out of the woods and into the field! SEE the frenzy in their eyes. Their rabid thirst as
       they follow the scent of Bella's blood. But the scent trail ends here. They're confused...)

       (Suddenly something BOLTS from the trees with lightning speed and tackles a newborn)

       (The other newborns spin to find a lethal-looking Jasper in a crouch beside his victim's body.)

       (They rush Jasper but – Bam! Bam! Bam! Three of them go down, tackled by Esme, Rosalie,
       Carlisle, Emmett and Alice)

       (Out of nowhere lunges Sam-Wolf, flanked by two wolves. They tear a newborn to pieces. Four
       other wolves dive into the fray.)

       (WE SMASH FROM ONE SAVAGE CONFLICT TO ANOTHER, RAW, BRUTAL)

       (Emmett sprints full-bore into the fight, relishing the battle.)

       (The wolves work as a pack, coordinated, deadly.)

       (Jasper controls the field – strategy and speed vs strength.)

       (Rosalie fights with icy calm. Alice with precognition. Esme and Carlisle fight side by side.)

       (The newborns are brutal and strong as hell. Our vampires/wolves are taking some vicious hits.)

       (IN SLOW MOTION – Jacob-wolf charges into the clearing, tackling a newborn, going for it's neck.)
       [ EXT. CAMPSITE – SAME ]
       (ON Edward reading Seth-wolf's mind, translating for Bella.)

       Edward: Jacob just got there. He's good.

       (Stay on Edward's face as he SEES the action through Seth-wolf's mind. Camera circles Edward as
       Bella and his surroundings disappear – dissolving into--)
       [ THE BATTLE FIELD (INSIDE EDWARD'S MIND) ]
       (Edward stands amidst the fight, the action all around him)

       (Sam and Jacob charge a newborn – each wolf grab an arm in the mouths and RIP)


       (Paul is surrounded by Three Newborns; Emmett comes to his aid. They share a look, a b*ttlefield
       rapprochement.)

       (Carlisle and Esme move in on Bree – but she backs up frightened. Esme and Carlisle share a look.
       They relax their attack stance, try to calm her, talk to her...)

       (Alice darts from newborn to newborn, not even looking at them, knowing their next move. She
       sweeps their feet, keeping them off balance, confusing them.)

       (Jasper is a step behind her, trying to give her cover.)

       (Edward sees a newborn take note of Jasper's protective actions. Edward yells at Jasper, though he
       can't hear.)

       Edward: Jasper – back off – you can't be everywhere at – watch out!

       (As a newborn appears behind Jasper and BITES his shoulder. Alice spins, FLINGS the newborn to
       Rosalie, Emmett, and Carlisle who k*ll him. Alice tends to Jasper.)

       Alice: I can handle myself.
       [ EXT. MOUNTAIN CAMPSITE – BACK ON EDWARD AND BELLA ]
       Bella: Is Jasper alright? Edward...

       (But he only sees Seth's thoughts, talks to himself...)

       Edward: Don't let them protect each other, good, go around...

       (Suddenly Edward stops, blinks, briefly disoriented as his mind is cut-off from the b*ttlefield. He
       looks around, finds Seth frozen as well. They share a tense look.)

       Bella: Someone's hurt?

       Edward: Seth, go.

       (Seth bolts away from the campsite, fast.)

       Bella: Is it Jasper?

       (Edward whips Bella behind him against a cliff wall and takes a defensive stance in front of her.)

       Edward: She's close. I can hear her thoughts. She knew we weren't there, but she caught my scent.
       [ EXT. CLEARING – TREELINE/b*ttlefield – MINUTES EARLIER ]
       (Victoria searches the b*ttlefield from the treeline. She abruptly turns away from the fight, and
       starts running, following Edward's scent.)

       Edward: She knew you'd be with me.

       Bella: She found us.

       Edward: She's not alone.

       (Which is when Riley steps out of the woods. Bella immediately recognizes him, is taken aback.
       Riley edges closer, watching Edward's every move. As they both carefully position themselves.)


       Edward: Riley... Listen to me. Victoria's just using you, to distract me. But she knows I'll k*ll you.

       (Riley hesitates. Surprised to be addressed.)

       Edward: In fact, she'll be glad she doesn't have to deal with you anymore.

       (Victoria emerges from the woods, forming a triangle with Riley – Bella and Edward at the apex.)

       Victoria: Don't listen, Riley. I told you about their mind tricks.

       Edward: I can read her mind, so I know what she thinks of you.

       Victoria: He's lying.

       Edward: She only created you and this army to avenge her true mate, James. It's the only thing she
       cares about. Not you.

       (Riley's beginning to hesitate. He glances at Victoria.)

       Victoria: There's only you. You know that.

       (Riley focuses back on Edward, positioning himself to attack. Victoria's eyes burrow into Bella's
       with bloodlust, revenge.)

       Edward: Think about it. You're from Forks, you know the area. That's the only reason she chose
       you. She doesn't love you.

       (Riley falters ever so slightly, doubt seeping into his mind. But Victoria's face is convincingly
       emotional.)

       Victoria: Riley... Don't let him do this to us. You know I love you.

       (Riley needs to believe her. His resolve returns.)

       Riley: You're dead.

       (Riley charges toward Edward who doesn't move because he knows --)

       (Seth-wolf is leaping from the cliff above to land on Riley, taking a chunk out of Riley's hand.)

       (Riley roars with fury and pain as Seth-wolf circles back for another attack. While Seth-wolf keeps
       Riley on the defense, Edward starts toward --)

       (Victoria – she backs toward the trees. Edward sees she's about to escape – DARTS into her path --)

       Edward: You can escape. You always do. But you won't get another chance like this again.

       (Victoria hisses at him, backs further away.)

       Edward: You want her. You want me to feel the pain you felt when I k*lled James. When I tore him
       to pieces. When I turned him into ash. When I turned him into nothing.

       (Victoria finally erupts and CHARGES Bella --)

       (But Edward never lets her get close – he intercepts her and they ROLL down the hill in a death
       grip --)


       (ON BELLA – watching this battle, desperate to help--)

       (Meanwhile Riley kicks Seth-wolf hard against the cliff. Sharp shards of rock fall around Bella.)

       (Seth-wolf, battered, goes down. Riley spins toward Bella.)

       (Edward now has to protect Bella from BOTH VAMPIRES! And he does with impressive skill – with
       lightning fast speed, he bolts to Riley, kicking him back, he darts to Victoria, smashing into her --)

       (As Seth-wolf struggles to rise, Riley joins Victoria's battle providing her with the tiny advantage
       she needs --)

       (BELLA'S POV ON EDWARD – Riley tackles him to his knees, Victoria grabs Edward from behind --)

       (TIME FREEZES – SLOW MOTION as Bella's eyes meet Edward's)

       (CLOSE ON BELLA'S FACE – SEE her clarity, she's never in her life been more sure of what she wants
       than in this moment – with purpose she grabs up a sharp piece of slate)

       (Bella plunges the shard downward, stabbing her arm. Blood immediately flows dripping bright red
       onto the white snow.)

       (ON RILEY spinning toward Bella, the scent making him wild.)

       (ON VICTORIA catching the smell; her head whips toward Bella.)

       (Edward seizes the moment – dead drops to the ground while FLIPPING Victoria over his head,
       across the clearing and INTO A TREE BREAKING IT IN TWO)

       (Edward spins on Riley who's still bedazzled by the blood.)

       (HEAR A SCREECHING SOUND like metal tearing, as suddenly, Riley's SCREAMING! His arm is gone!
       Edward tosses the arm aside and bolts back to Victoria)

       (Seth-wolf, recovered, LEAPS UP, tackles Riley and drags him screaming into the woods.)

       Riley: Victoria. Victoria.

       (Victoria doesn't even glance at him, revelaing to Riley the painful truth. The last thing we see of
       Riley is his tragically betrayed face... then we HEAR the sounds of Seth tearing him apart, the
       metallic screeching...)

       (As Bella tears her shirt to create a make-shift bandage ---)

       (Edward charges Victoria – the two clash and begin a blurred battle. Until he pummels her down
       and, finally, maneuvers himself behind her, gelling her in a death grip.)

       (Victoria struggles; Bella is directly in her eye-line. She glares at Bella who glares back, every bit
       as fiercely.)

       (Edward's lips are at Victoria's neck – it looks as if he kisses her – he BITES a huge chunk from her
       neck, ripping her head off.)

       (AS BELLA WATCHES Victoria's body crumple to the ground.)

       (ALL SOUND DISAPPEARS. The air goes still. The atmosphere changes. This nemesis, this relentless
       demon, is finally dead. Or almost. Eerily, it still moves slightly.)

       (A long beat. Then Edward looks up at Bella. Their eyes meet. But shame, fear, cloud his face. She
       moves toward him. Slowly. Purposefully. As she reaches him, he turns away.)

       Bella: Edward

       Edward: I didn't want you to see that.

       (She stops him, touches his face tenderly, her eyes telling him it's ok.)

       Edward: I'll get some bandages for your arm.

       (He starts for the tent but Seth-wolf lets out a sharp BARK. Edward turns; his expression fills with
       concern.)

       Bella: Something's wrong.

       Edward: Alice needs us to go. And now.

       Bella: Why? What's happening?
       [ EXT. WOODS – DAY ]
       (SLOW MOTION – The Volturi – Jane, Alec, Demetri, Felix – slide past the trees with effortless
       grace and speed...)
       [ EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS – DAY ]
       (A massive fire burns as the Cullens and the wolves hurriedly drag what's left of the newborns to it
       for the incineration. A purple-black smoke rises.)

       (Edward and Bella race out of the trees, bee-lining for Alice and the rest of the Cullens gathered
       near the fire.)

       Edward: How long?

       Alice: A few minutes. Maybe ten.

       (Bella scans the field for Jacob as --)

       Rosalie: They timed their arrival well.

       Emmett: Probably hoping the newborns took a few of us out.

       (Edward stops as he sees someone by the fire --)

       Edward: What's she doing here?

       (Bella looks to the fire – by which cowers the newborn BREE.)

       Esme: We offered her safe haven if she stopped fighting, she took it.

       Carlisle: The pack needs to leave. The Volturi won't honor a truce with the werewolves.

       Bella: Where's Jacob?

       Edward: There...

       (BELLA'S POV – ON THE TREELINE CLEAR ACROSS THE FIELD.)

       (JACOB-WOLF emerges. Bella sighs with enormous relief. He sees her as well, starts toward her –
       but suddenly – he hears a vicious snarl coming from behind him in the woods, spins to SEE--)

       (IN THE WOODS – A light grey wolf (Leah) cornering one last male newborn who was hiding. Leah
       charges--)

       (ON EDWARD WITH THE CULLENS – he can't see the conflict, but he can hear it in his mind.)

       Edward: Leah, don't!

       (BACK ON LEAH-WOLF AND THE MALE NEWBORN IN THE WOODS)

       (The male newborn maneuvers out of her way, spins and GRABS HER RUFF, fiercely YANKING her off
       her paws but--)

       (JACOB LEAPS ON THE MALE NEWBORN, tackling him – they roll into – THE CLEARING – where Jacob
       BITES A PIECE OF HIS FACE OFF.)

       (But the male newborn gets his ARMS AROUND JACOB AND CRUSHES HIM! Jacob HOWLS in agony.)

       (Bella sees this from afar.)

       Bella: Jacob!

       (THE OTHER WOLVES are instantly there and pounce on the male newborn, their teeth forcing him
       to release Jacob who crumples to the ground. As they pull him apart --)

       (Edward and Carlisle appear at Jacob's sisde.)

       (ON BELLA – RACING across the field to reach Jacob.)

       (ON JACOB AS TRANSFORMS INTO A HUMAN, naked, grotesquely twisted and broken, barely able to
       breathe. Carlisle quickly examines him as he writhes in pain; Edward steadies him, gripping his
       hand.)

       Edward: Hold on, Carlisle is gonna take care of you.

       Carlisle: The bones on the right half of his body are shattered.

       (Jacob, in excruciating pain, squeezes Edward's hand.)

       (Bella reaches them, dropping to her knees beside Jacob. She strokes his face, trying to comfort
       him.)

       Jacob: Bella.

       Bella: Jake, I'm right here.

       (Sam, Paul, Jared, Embry, Quil and Leah, now in human form race up.)

       Leah: Jacob, you idiot. I had it.

       Sam: Leah.


       Carlisle: I need to set the bones before his accelerated healing kicks in. It's already starting.

       Edward: We need to get him out of here. We're not gonna win a fight with the Volturi.

       Sam: We'll take him back to Billy's.

       Carlisle: I'll be there as soon as I can.

       Bella: Hang in there, Jake. We got you.

       (Jacob cries out in pain as the pack lift him. Bella agonizes as she watches them disappear into the
       woods. She and Edward exchange a look of shared concern.)

       Alice: They're here.

       (The Cullens gather in the center of the field, converging around Bella. She sees nothing through
       the oily smoke from the fire.)

       Jane (O.C.): It appears you've done our work for us.

       (From out of the mist and the smoke emerge – The Volturi – Jane and behind her, Felix, Demetri
       and Alec. Jane asses the scene, taking in Bella as well.)

       Jane: Impressive. I've never seen a coven escape an as*ault of this magnitude intact.

       Carlisle: We were lucky.

       Jane: I doubt that.

       Alec: It appears we missed an entertaining fight.

       Jane: Yes. It's not often we're rendered unnecessary.

       Edward: If you'd arrived a half hour ago, you would've fulfilled your purpose.

       Jane: Pity.

       (Jane then sees the newborn, BREE, crouching by the fire.)

       Jane: You missed one.

       Carlisle: We offered her asylum in exchange for her surrender.

       Jane: That wasn't yours to offer.

       (As Jane moves to Bree, Esme sh**t Carlisle a concerned look. Carlisle subtly shakes his head,
       don't.)

       Jane: Why did you come?

       (Before Bree can answer, Jane focuses her power, sending an invisible searing current through
       Bree's body. Bree SCREAMS in pain. Bella flinches. Esme quickly steps up.)

       Esme: They came to destroy us – to k*ll Bella.


       (Jane ignores Esme, continues her t*rture, enjoying it.)

       Jane: Who created you?

       Esme: You don't need to do that. She'll tell you anything you want to know.

       Jane: I know.

       (Carlisle puts a hand on Esme's shoulder. Bree's screaming briefly stops. Jane waits for an answer.)

       Bree: I don't know Riley wouldn't tell us. He said our thoughts weren't safe.

       (Jane ZAPS her again – Esme is about to say something.)

       Edward: Her name was Victoria. Perhaps you knew her.

       (Bree's pain abruptly ceases. Jane faces Edward with an innocent smile that's somehow unnerving.)

       (The other three Volturi are suddeny positioned behind Jane. We didn't even see them move.)

       (Bella plants herself firmly at Edward's side. The air is tense. This could turn bad, fast. Carlisle
       intercedes with great and purposeful calm.)

       Carlisle: Edward. If the Volturi had knowledge of Victoria, they would've stopped her. Isn't that
       right, Jane?

       (Jane just looks at Carlisle. A long beat.)

       Jane: Of course. Felix.

       (Felix moves to Bree.)

       Esme: She didn't know what she was doing. We'll take responsibility for her. Give her a chance.

       Jane: The Volturi don't give second chances. Keep that in mind. Caius will be interested to know
       that she's still human.

       Bella: The date is set.

       (Jane is ever so slightly taken aback by Bella's confidence. Her look lingers on Bella – this human.
       Edward stands ready to defend her. But Jane turns back to Felix.)

       Jane: Take care of that, Felix. I'd like to go home.

       (Meanwhile Felix, with his enourmous strenght, easily tears Bree from limb to limb. Her SCREAMS
       quickly cease, though the metallic screeching sound continues.)

       Jane: Thank you, Felix. Until next time.

       (The Cullens can do nothing but stand by, grim-faced. Esme tries not to watch.)

       (Off Bella, fighting revulsion, but standing strong with the rest of the Cullens, as the thick plume
       of SMOKE rises...)
       [ EXT. JACOB'S HOUSE – NIGHT ]
       (Billy sits in his wheelchair on the porch, surrounded by the pack, including Emily but sans Sam.
       They wait anxiously.)


       (BELLA'S TRUCK pulls up. She hurriedly climbs out.)

       (As she reaches the porch a loud yell of excruciating pain emanates from inside the house; Jacob.
       Bella flinches, feeling the pain herself. They all do.)

       (It's all Billy can do to keep it together. Emily, next to him, puts an arm around his shoudlers.)

       Quil: It's been going on for a while.

       Embry: Doc's rebreaking his bones.

       (Bella reacts to the horror of that. Leah paces.)

       Leah: Why'd he have to butt in? I could've taken that tick...

       Paul: Oh, give it a rest, Leah.

       (They all spin toward the front door as it opens Carlisle exits with Sam.)

       Carlisle: The worst is over. He'll be alright.

       (Billy exhales heavily, tears threatening. Sam puts a hand on Billy's shoulder. Emily wraps an arm
       around Sam's waist.)

       Carlisle: I gave him some morphine, but his body temperature will burn it off soon. I'll come back
       to set up a drip.

       Billy: Thank you.

       Carlisle: He's asking for you.

       (They all look at her. A combination of pleading – “don't hurt him” – and threatening – “if you hurt
       him” – OFF Bella, as she heads inside.)
       [ INT. JACOB'S ROOM - NIGHT ]
       (Bella quietly enters to find Jacob lying in bed. The entire right side of his body is in a series of
       braces. Bella can't bear to see him this way.)

       Bella: Hey, Jake.

       (He looks up with some effort. Breath short. But he smiles.)

       Jacob: Hey. I was worried about you.

       Bella: You were worried about me?

       Jacob: Yeah. I guessed Edward would read my thoughts. Was he hard on you?

       Bella: He wasn't even mad at me. Or you.

       Jacob: Well, damn. He's better than I thought.

       Bella: He's not playing a game.

       Jacob: Right. Bella... He's not as perfect as you think.


       Bella: I know who he is. I must not talk about that.

       Jacob: I'd rather get all the rebreaking done at once.

       (She carefully sits next to him on the bed.)

       Bella: I'm sorry, Jake. But it's like... Sam imprinting on Emily. I never had a choice with Edward.

       Jacob: That's crap. You're not a wolf, remember?

       Bella: Still. It's what it is.

       Jacob: At least I know I did everything I could. Wasn't easy making you admit your feelings for me.

       Bella: I only fought them, because I know they wouldn't change anything.

       Jacob: I'm exactly right for you, Bella. It would be as easy as breathing with me.

       Bella: You know I love you.

       Jacob: You know how much I wish it was enough.

       (A long beat. Finally, she rises.)

       Bella: Should I come back?

       Jacob: I need some time. But I'll always be waiting.

       Bella: Until my heart stops beating.

       Jacob: Maybe even then.

       (She returns the smile. There's a sadness between them, but also... a resignation. A
       rapprochement. Off Bella grateful for this tiny opening he's left her...)
       [ EXT. MEADOW – MAGIC HOUR ]
       (The grass is a welcoming, rich green. The wild flowers are in bloom. The light is low.
       Luminescent. Edward and Bella lie in the grass, her head on his chest.)

       Edward: August thirteenth?

       Bella: Yeah. it's a month before my birthday. I don't need to be another year older than you. Alice
       said she can get the wedding together by then.

       Edward: I'm sure she can. There's no rush.

       Bella: I've chosen my life. I want to start living it.

       Edward: And so, you're gonna let Alice plan the whole thing? Yeah. Dress, the reception, the guest
       list... I mean, who knows who she's gonna invite?

       Bella: Does it matter?

       (Edward sits up, looks her in the eyes.)

       Edward: I just don't know why you're doing this.


       Bella: What? The wedding?

       Edward: You're trying to make everyone else happy. But you're already giving away too much.

       Bella: You're wrong.

       (She rises as well, going to him, clarity washing over her.)

       Bella: This wasn't a choice between you and Jacob. It was between who I should be and who I am.

       (She circles him, insight energizing her as she speaks.)

       Bella: I've always felt out of step. Like literally, stumbling through my life. I'm never felt normal.
       Because I'm not normal. I don't wanna be. I've had to face death... ... and loss and pain, in your
       world. But, I've also never felt stronger... ... more real, more... my self. Because it's my world,
       too. It's where I belong.

       Edward: So, it's not just about me.

       Bella: No, sorry.

       (She wraps her arms around him, looks up at him.)

       Bella: I've made a mess trying to figure all this out, but... I wanna do it right. And I wanna tie my
       self to you, in every way humanly possible.

       Edward: Starting with a wedding.

       Bella: Actually... Something, a little more difficult first. And maybe even dangerous. We have to
       tell Charlie.

       Edward: It's highly dangerous.

       Bella: It's a good thing you're bulletproof. I'm gonna need that ring.

       (Edward smiles, pulls the black box from his pocket. He removes the ring. Takes her left hand in
       his...)

       (We slowly begin to pull up and back on the two on the two of them – silhoutted by the light which
       reflects off the flowers, giving the blossoms a warm, magical glow.)

       (It is against this beautiful, romantic backdrop that Edward slips the ring onto Bella's finger...
       where it will stay for eternity...)
       [ Fade to Black ]
   
